Agent De Leon is the perfect version of a Latin 007 he is once again in a dangerous mission and its outcome may determine the future of the world. But this new mission is very close to the heart of Leon as he seek to find the mysterious and diabolical "Magician" who is responsible for the death of his great love. From Los Angeles California Leon is sent by his boss Robert to catch the villain in Argentina. This is where the Magician has created a new form of drug that is destroying our youth and where it is the center of operations from witch the Magician will distributed the drug to Europe and the United States. Leon is sent to awaken a sleeper a secret agent infiltrated in Argentina by the American government. His name Marcos. Leon will be forced to awaken the sleeping and working with him . But Marcos does not prove to have special qualities agent or anything like that. What Leon does not know is that he has awakened the wrong sleeper who is actually the twin brother of true Marcos. His name Pedro profession; Useless. The real sleeper Marcos is one of the most respected businessmen in the country and the world. the confusion takes please when to give a moral boost to his brother Pedro. Marcus leaves him in charge of one of his companies for a couple of hours to have a secret love affer with the most beautiful model of Argentina. Our two heroes Leon and Pedro with the help of a US special agent Kit will fight against evil and time to save the world and bring the Magician to justice. Agent Hawk is the perfect version of a Latin 007 he is once again in a dangerous mission and the outcome of this one may determine the future of the world. This mission is very close to Hawk's heart as he seeks to find the mysterious and diabolical " Magician". From Los Angeles California Hawk is sent by his boss Robert to catch the villain in Argentina where he has created a new form of drug that is destroying our youth and where it's the center of operations from witch the Magician will soon distribute the drug to Europe and the United States. Hawk is sent to awaken a sleeper a secret agent infiltrated in Argentina by the American government. His name; Dago. Hawk will be forced to awaken the sleeper and work with him. But this does not prove to have special qualities agent or anything like that. What Hawk does not know is that he has awakened the wrong sleeper who is actually the twin brother of the real Dago. His name Luis profession; Useless. Our two heroes Hawk and Luis with the help of a US special agent Kit will fight against evil and time to save the world and bring the Magician to justice.