Malti witnesses a physical altercation between her husband and Rai Bahadur Brijbhushan Sharma as a result of which her husband gets knifed and killed. As she tries to take the knife out the Police arrive arrest her and hold her in a cell. It is here that Brijbhushan visits her and warns her not to testify against him as he will kill her son Raju. Malti accepts full responsibility of her husband's death is found guilty and sentenced to 14 years in jail. After her discharge she is released and finds out that Raju is now known as Raja is very popular dancer and singer. She also gets to meet Radha and her brother Dattu who are looking after Raju and hopes that her son will eventually marry Radha. She subsequently comes to know that Raju loves Priya who is the daughter of none other than Brijbhushan. Malti is not ready to expose Brijbhushan as her husband's killer - she has other plans for him and none of her plans include Priya as her future daughter-in-law. At a very young age Raju began to make his living by dancing and singing in street corners. He is soon adopted by a kind man who introduces him to his son Dattu and daughter Radha. Both brings up Raju in a strong and confident way to become a very popular singer and dancer. Soon he started to receive dancing and singing programme to perform for various music companies in India and this takes him to the sky. He meets his childhood love Priya and both attempts to reconstruct there love once again. He also meets and make enemies with Mohnish a former dancer whose place has been taken by Raju. With some of his goons help Mohnish hope one day he will killed or seriously wounded Raju and once again become a popular dancer and singer. Entrapped by the lecherous and wealthy business-man Rai Bahadur Brijbhushan Sharma; Malti gets a long jail term for murdering her husband leaving her son Raju as destitute. Soon Raju is adopted by Radha and her brother Dattu who with their help his life gets transform to a popular starlet. After completing her jail term Malti's past re-surface when she find out that her son Raju who now call himself Raja is in love with Sharma's daughter Priya. Malti decides she will use this opportunity to settle scores with Sharma.