After putting behind his life as a soap star bodyguard. Casper moves home to be with his family and friends. Unsure of where his future lies! a record label convinces him to join their company. Alicia is an up and coming singer guided by her manager Logan who is also her boyfriend and does not like Casper at all. Can Casper handle the small town life traveling with someone he might be in love with and the consistent interference of Alicia's manager Logan? Will Casper get the answer to his question. The answer that can only come from Alicia. Is there love after Drew and can it be with Janet? After putting behind his life as a soap star bodyguard. Casper moves home to be with his family and friends. Unsure of where his future lies. a record label convinces him to join their company. Alicia is an up and coming singer guided by her manager Logan who is also her boyfriend and does not like Casper at all. Can Casper handle the small town life traveling with someone he might be in love with and the consistent interference of Alicia's manager Logan? Will Casper get the answer to his question. The answer that can only come from Alicia. Is there love after Drew and can it be with Janet? After putting behind his life as a soap star bodyguard. Casper moves home to be with his family and friends. Unsure of where his future lies! a record label convinces him to join their company. Janet is an up and coming singer guided by her manager Logan who is also her boyfriend and does not like Casper at all. Can Casper handle the small town life traveling with someone he might be in love with and the consistent interference of Janet's manager Logan? Will Casper get the answer to his question. The answer that can only come from Janet. Is there love after Drew and can it be with Janet? After putting behind his life as a soap star bodyguard. Casper moves home to be with his family and friends. Unsure of where his future lies. a record label convinces him to join their company. Janet is an up and coming singer guided by her manager Logan who is also her boyfriend and does not like Casper at all. Can Casper handle the small town life traveling with someone he might be in love with and the consistent interference of Janet's manager Logan? Will Casper get the answer to his question. The answer that can only come from Janet. Is there love after Drew and can it be with Janet?