Disavowed CIA analyst must find a jailed hacker to redesign a forbidden technology (PROMIS) and stop Octopus using a pandemic threat to enforce global depopulation program. JACK WALSH is a bio-warfare tech expert who stumbles upon the classified Casolaro Protocol files and learns that Octopus is still in charge of the world's economic and political affairs. Jack must locate a jailed computer hacker "The Troll" to redesign PROMIS a forbidden software program that could be used for eugenics. The Troll tells Jack that his former handler Kate at the CIA has the answers. Furious and confused Jack must team up with Kate and together they must walk back into a dark past that they had disavowed. They reach Octopus' top secret weapon laboratory in the CABAZON Indian reservation where Octopus is poised to perfect a deadly bio-weapon that can trigger a pandemic. The CIA refuses them help and Jack must bring in an outsider from CDC to help create an antidote factory into a Black-Ops location. Jack finds the original blueprints of the Bio-Technological program to modify the deadly weapon forever. Octopus' master assassin NICHOLS tracks down and checkmates them. Kate gets exposed to the contagion. Jack must gamble with Octopus to get the antidote for saving Kate. He is sent on a secret mission in exchange for her antidote. The presidential elections begin and Jack must do the unthinkable and return unscathed from the 'Devil's den'. Octopus Chief unmasks members of the Last Circle at a conference in Astana Khazakstan. The Rogue Agent returns from hibernation and in a stunning blow guns down the Octopus' echelon. Furious and stunned Jack tells the Rogue Agent that Kate's chances for survival are finished. Rogue Agent gives him the antidote but it fails. Time-bomb ticks away and Jack must find the genuine antidote. Grandpa Walsh reminds him about his childhood and the shootout in which his parents were killed. They rush to find the final canister. Nichols beats them to it and waits for them. After a brief encounter Nichols reveals the truth and stops Jack from using the fake antidote on Kate. Octopus's army of hybridized killers surround them. They are no match for Jack and Nichols. Nichols is wounded and he reveals all about Octopus' covert operations to Jack. Rogue Agent returns takes Nichols down and disappears. Jack and Kate begin mass production of the antidote and expose Octopus' illegal wars to the world.