Billa No 786 is the story of Shankar who had promised his dying mother that he would marry her friends daughter Pinky and thus fulfill her dream. After his mother's death along with sister (Kavita) and his dear monkey he went to look for his mother's sister to Rampur. there he meets Siddhu (Sidharth Dhavan). Siddhu takes Shankar to Flora Aunty's (Zubeida) locality to live there with the help of the local people he gets a job of a coolie and with his good fortune he gets the Billa No. 786.One day he meets the rich girl Pinky (Rutika) who hates the poor. Dhankeshwar (Mohan Joshi) the owner of the basti  hates Shankar and tries different tricks to trap Shankar and to empty the locality. One day Dhankeshwar succeeds and Shankar is trapped. Does Dhankeshwar succeeds in vacating the locality and building a 5-star hotel? Does Shankar succeed in breaking Rutik's pride and fulfill his mother's dream? Shankar and his sister Lajjo come to a big city in India from their native town Jhumri Taliya. Afraid of being ridiculed they do not want people to know about this so they tell everyone they are from Patna. Shankar gets a job as a Coolie at the local bus stand and his badge number is 786 which is considered very lucky by the Islamic Religion. He meets with pretty Pinky Singh and wants to marry her but she initially refuses but then relents and wants to marry him. Her wealthy father Virendra Singh will not permit a mere coolie to become his son-in-law and find ways of getting rid of him. To complicate matters further Shankar has alienated a police inspector; a wealthy building contractor Pyaremohan Dankeshwar; in addition to two criminal dons Kaalu Ragda and Kaalu Tagda and as if this was not enough he is arrested for killing two men by severely beating them to death and the evidence the police rely on is his bragging about killing them in addition to several witnesses. Watch as events unfold that will either see Shankar end up with a long prison sentence or even be sentenced to death.