Inspector Mathur believes "once a criminal always a criminal". Through his machinations he makes the life of a reformed criminal Raju very difficult. Raju is rehabilitated and lives happily with his wife Malati and daughter. Disaster strikes contrived by the gangster who was Raju's boss and Inspector Mathur of the police. Can Raju prove to society the law and to Malati that he has indeed reformed? A similar question was asked by Victor Hugo in Les Miserables. While the theme is broadly derived from the story the mirch and masala has truly Indianised this film. Crime punishment rehabilitation and re-integration into society is the theme of this movie. The question one asks is whether Raju will truly be allowed to return to society after a life in prison? Will his own wife acknowledge the sincerity of his reform? After the death of his father Raghu and his mother are left in a destitute way of living which prompts him to steal food for the survival of his mother. The police then arrest him with his mother dying in the process; before he could reach the police station he escapes and is taken in by a criminal don only to become an outlaw. When he is asked to abduct a child which results in the death of the mother his heart changes and he decides to surrender to the law. Years later after his release from jail he promises the inspector to go straight and drives a truck for survival. He comes to the assistance of a young woman named Malti who is on the run from her abusive guardian Raju; at first he attempts to turn her in but later on relents when he learns of her position. Both Raghu and Malti then fell in love and decide to get marry and soon are proud parents to a daughter Banku. The duo then get settles in a corner but Raghu criminal friends who he uses to work for are not willing to let go of him and decides to create situations that will leave him with only one option - that of re-uniting with the gang. While delivering goods via his truck Raghu the truck driver and his side-kick Tiger help out a young man who turns out to be a woman in disguise named Malti. Raghu finds out that there is a reward out for Malti's return and takes her to claim the reward. He finds out that the man Raju who wants to give the reward is unscrupulous and he refuses to leave Malti in Raju's care. Malti and he fall in love and get married. Malti soon gives birth to a baby girl Banthu. Things are going well for this family when a visit from Police Inspector Mathur turns their lives upside down. For Mathur knows Raghu's criminal background and underground links and refuses to believe that Raghu has now given up his old ways. Because of Mathur's interference Raghu not only loses his job but is unable to find any work. Seth Dhaniram comes to Raghu's house to claim his loan Raghu and he get into a fight and Raghu threatens to kill him. The next day Dhaniram is brutally murdered and Inspector Mathur has evidence that links Raghu to this homicide and will leave no stone unturned in order to arrest Raghu and send him to the gallows.