Ajay Chauvan lives with his parents and a younger sister. Ajay loves Pooja and hopes to get marry to her one day; he prepares a job application and send it to various places but in the mean-while he stages dance programs and performs in street fights to meet his family needs. A few days later he receive a letter informing him that he must present himself for an interview pertaining a job in Bombay. He does attend the interview only to be selected for the job; satisfy with this Ajay decides to offer prayers at a near-by temple only to find himself arrested by the police tortured and accused of raping 3 young girls. The case is then called up in a court of law where-by Ajay is found guilty and is sentenced to 4 years imprisonment. After completing his sentence Ajay return home only to find that nothing is the same anymore his dad and fiancée has committed suicide his mother is living a destitute life while his sister loses her mental balance and is confined in a mental asylum prompting Ajay to start his own investigations with the help of a police officer whose daughter was one of the rape victims. After concluding his investigations Ajay is willing to leave no stone unturned in punishing the real perpetrators of the crime he was wrongly punish for. Ajay Chauhan lives with his dad mom and a younger sister. He is in love with the lovely Pooja and hopes to marry her someday. His dad wants him to get a job and settle down and then get married. Ajay applies for a job in Bombay and soon receives a letter asking him to appear for an interview. He attends the interview and is hired. Delighted to see all his dreams coming true he goes to offer his thanks to God and it is there a woman named Pratika Jetley sees him and notifies the police that he is indeed the one who had brutally raped three young women in a college campus. Ajay vehemently denies this but is personally identified and criminally held responsible convicted and sentenced to prison. Several years later he is released from prison and finds out that his dad had killed himself his mom and sister are untraceable and Pooja had killed herself rather than marry anyone else. He sets out to put his life together and meets with a ruthless police inspector whose daughter was one of the rape victims. It is then Ajay finds out why he was charged with the rape and the conspiracy behind this plot to frame him.