Holding a first degree in law; Avinash Kapoor is employed as a lecturer in a college. When he attempt to punish some students for bending the rules; they retaliate by abducting his blind sister Geeta. Avinash locates them and beat them up; only to learn that he is fired from his job and sentenced to 6 days in jail for contempt of court; after completing his sentence he is unable to locate any job which forces him to re-locate to Bombay; which still does not help. His aggression for cash leads him to deliver a bag to a smuggler named Mr. Agnihotri; Agnihotri then puts a job proposal to him but he refuses to have any doing with unlawful activities. Later on he is forced to change his mind when he needs money to pay for his mother's medical surgery which Agnihotri provides. After this there is no looking back for Avinash as he continue to climb the ladder working for Agnihotri; Avinash meets and fall in love with a cabaret dancer Sonia. But Agnihotri's younger brother Dilip is also fascinated by Sonia; who abducts her and attempt to sexually molest her which forces her to jump to her death from a multi-storied building. Bearing witness to this Avinash loses his cool locates Dilip and kill him. Avinash is then arrested by the police and his case is called up in the court. On his way to the court he gets a letter stating that Agnihotri is holding his mother and sister as hostages until he confess to killing Sonia and Dilip. Fresh out of law school Advocate Avinash Kapoor lands a job as a Lecturer in a city college. This appointment does not last long as some male students decide to make his life miserable when he resists they kidnap his blind sister Geeta and molest her. When Avinash beats them up he is arrested and found guilty by a Judge without even a trial when he protests he is sentenced to six days in jail for contempt of court. When he returns he finds that he is no longer employed. He does get employment as a Lawyer for a firm only to be sacked the next day when they find out he has been in jail. The Kapoors move to Bombay where his mother has a heart attack and Avinash compromises on all his good values and goes to work for a smuggle and drug dealer Agnihotri so as to make payments for his mom's treatment. He falls in love with a dancer named Sonia not knowing that Agnihotri's brother Dilip is also interested in her. Sonia and Avinash get intimate Sonia gets pregnant and she moves in with Avinash and his family. Dilip is not satisfied and wants Sonia for himself so he abducts and molests her leading to her death. An enraged Avinash hunts down Dilip and kills him thus making himself a target by both the police and the very underworld that he was a part of. Avinash is arrested and held in a cell. It is at this point he decides to spill the beans on Agnihotri and his illicit trades on the condition that the police offer protection to his sister and mom which they agree to. All is set for Avinash's court testimony when he receives a note that his mom and sister have been abducted and he must confess to the killings of both Sonia and Dilip. Avinash is now in a quandary - if he testifies against Agnihotri his sister and mom will be killed and if he does not - then he may well face the death sentence.