Gunny is a homeless Vietnam vet who lives on the top floor of an abandoned 6 story hotel in a derelict area of Detroit. He lives day to day with what little money he's able to make working a few hours a week at a struggling thrift shop. His only friend in the world is a young junkie who lives in the building among the other twenty plus homeless squatters. After nearly 40 years of living on the streets Gunny has faced plenty of challenges but none that come close to his experience during the war... until today... Recently released from prison after serving 19 years for an attempted bank robbery Nick Cavanaugh sets out to get the payday he was denied almost 2 decades ago by Ben Cahill the security guard who foiled the robbery and has since worked his way up the ladder to become the president of the very bank he protected. Nick's plan: Gather a dozen ex-cons to kidnap Ben's only child his 16 year old daughter Molly and give him 24 hours to rob his own bank for the $100 million ransom... or Molly dies. Taking Molly to an abandoned 6-story hotel in an isolated and derelict area of Detroit Nick orders his men to kill the homeless squatters who inhabit the old building to eliminate any witnesses. But Nick's plan has a devious twist: once he gets his money he plans to burn down the building killing Molly and his gang to cover his getaway. Nick's plan soon hits a snag however when Gunny starts fighting back against his gunmen. Serving with Marine Force Recon in Vietnam Gunny spent a considerable amount of time as a tunnel rat single-handedly clearing out tunnel networks sometimes armed with only his combat knife and a sidearm. In the coming darkness Gunny finds himself in his element as he moves through the darkened halls of the 6-story labyrinth setting booby traps and waging a one-man war on a new and much younger enemy to protect the frightened young hostage. Outnumbered outgunned and definitely "out-youthed" the ailing 65 year old warrior calls upon combat and survival skills he hasn't used in 40 years to prove that he still has the mettle worthy of a hero... mettle worthy of a U.S. Marine... Mettle of honor.