Poverty and hunger forces young Shankar to take up employment as a mechanic. To this extent all is well for him until he is arrested by the police for a crime he did not committed; but Shankar manages to escape only to witness that his mom die of shock; unable to bear the police arrest her son. Shankar is then taken in by a criminal don Raja Babu who teaches him each and every criminal activity that exists. Years later Shankar is now known as Shakka who works for Raja Babu as a professional criminal. One day Shakka experiences a change of heart when he is asked to abducted a small child which results in the death of the mother; he turns himself into the police the case is tried in court and Shakka is sentenced to five years imprisonment but because he save the life of a Minister his sentence is reduced to three years. When Shakka is released from jail he decides to give up his criminal ways marry Aarti buys a garage to earn his living and is the proud father of a baby boy Vicky alias Munna. But Raja Babu is not willing to let Shankar just walk away like that. After being framed for a theft he did not commit young Shankar runs from the police into his mother's arms who passes away from shock after she witnesses the police arrest her son. Shankar escapes from the police and ends up working for Raja Babu a criminal don. Years later Shankar who is now known as Shaka still works for Raja Baba. One day Raja asks Shaka to abduct a child. Things do terribly wrong with the child's mother dying from shock. A devastated Shaka relates this situation to his mother's passing and surrenders to the police. He is found guilty convicted and sentenced to prison for five years. When he saves the life of a visiting Member of Parliament the authorities condone three years of his sentence and he is released. He decides to go straight avoids working with Raja meets a young woman named Aarti marries her gets a job as a mechanic in a garage. But all is not well for wherever he goes his past follows him - so much so he may no choice save to join forces with Raja again and regress to a life of crime. But will Aarti continue to live with him or will she also compromise with the situation and join him in a life of crime?