Windup is a very original comedy. We follow Bernie Shaddick from his tragic childhood through to his present day pursuit of a career as an inventor. Likened to such films as "Raising Arizona" and "The Big Lebowski" gritty cohen-esque humor saturates Bernie Shaddick's life from his encounter with mace at a potential sale to his murderous mentors posing as his Aunt Audre and Uncle Reg. Bernie is a man who in the face of rejection and ridicule just "doesn't get it" and perseveres anyways. His good nature gets on the nerves of his cruel co-workers at his commercial real estate day-job. Upholding an almost delusional enthusiasm Bernie unknowingly sells his soul with a smile! Bernie's girlfriend Latrice and roommate Stuart only accentuate Bernie's seemingly pathetic existence. Latrice sexy in a dirty sort of way loves Bernie although she would prefer to love his money if he had any. Stuart usually clad in underpants and obsessed with the rubix-cube lives with Bernie because it allows him to pursue his beer his welfare check and Latrice. Through a myriad of flashbacks to his eccentric Aunt and Uncle we learn that these two mentors Reg and Audre are high on more than life and have a strange habit of murdering Meals On Wheels delivery boys. Not to worry Bernie won't inherit any of these twisted traits Aunt Audre and Uncle Reg are actually squatters having murdered and posed as his real family members. And back to Bernie's dreams to invent his one and only product the windup flashlight only conjures up laughter from those around him. If only he could succeed he could clear his conscience. You see as a young boy Bernie was holding a flashlight for grandma in the dark the light went out and she fell to her death. Pinned under her for hours Bernie developed a real drive to invent a product that "would" have saved her. Wow. A windup flashlight. Aunt and Uncle posers. Welfare-case roomie trying to steal his girl. Co-workers who laugh in his face about the only thing that motivates him. What more could Bernie ask for? How about a bunch of Cubans coming after his life because of a botched commercial real estate deal; a deal that results in the death of the Cuban Lords daughter Well how else can Bernie get money to fund his dream?