The movie consists of five unconnected vignettes book-ended by performances by Peter North. In the first scene two women (Jewel De'Nyle JD and Katie June KJ) dressed for an evening out come down a grand staircase. JD is dark haired fit voluptuous and slightly over-puffed while KJ is brunette athletic and a little soft. They meet a man (Peter North PN) at the foot of the stairs. Together all three enter a bedroom. There is little preamble to the scene. PN plays the scene with driving intensity. KJ doesn't quite keep up with him but JD matches his intensity. The scene is notable for a segment where JD works PN from the back while KJ works him from the front. The scene reaches an excellent conclusion in trademark PN fashion in the mouth of JD and on the chests of JD and KJ. In the second scene a blond voluptuous woman (Bonita Saint BS) beckons a man (Steve Jagger SJ) across a room. JS is barely up for the job despite the determined ministrations of BS. Surprisingly the scene reaches a very good conclusion on her chest and stomach. The third scene features a plain blond athletic woman (Elana E) on a couch in front of a fire with a pudgy man (John Strong JS). JS is not quite up to the job and neither generates much heat. The scene reaches a so-so conclusion on her face and mouth. The fourth scene starts with a couple (Charlie C and Danté D) in bed. C is dark haired slightly soft and voluptuous but needs better support. D asks if he can work her from behind. Eventually she agrees. D is not quite up to the job and neither generates much heat. The scene reaches a so-so conclusion on her face and mouth. The final scene starts with a couple (Amber Michaels AM and PN) at home in their house in the hills after work. AM is blond fit voluptuous and slightly over-puffed. There is little preamble to the scene. AM is notable for her piercings and PN applies himself to her lowest one. AM responds enthusiastically and is quite athletic throughout the scene but she never seems to engage with PN. PN brings the scene to an excellent conclusion on her chest.