The gothic-noir steampunk action-RPG influenced by Bram Stoker's Dracula reaches conclusion in the third chapter of the saga with six new character classes stunning new locations and hordes of extraordinary monsters you've never seen before. In Van Helsing III the civil war is over in Borgovia but the future looks grim. The city of weird science is in ruins squabbling factions and criminals fight for power and a strange cult prophesizes the coming of "The end of times." And they might be just right: A wave of uncanny events shakes the land and it's all connected to a mysterious creature a former ally turned into a fearful arch-villain. Which means that Van Helsing will do what he does best: He wields weapons prepares his deadly tricks and hunts down the most dangerous monster who has ever lived... and this time it's personal. He's prepared to do anything to achieve his goal even to face the darkest secret about the birth of the modern Borgovia. The gothic-noir steam punk action-RPG influenced by Bram Stoker's Dracula is a dynamic title packed with six brand new character classes the third and final story chapter to the trilogy and dozens of new scientifically altered characters to confront and destroy. The first official gameplay video showcases two of the six new classes the weapon-heavy Phlogistoneer and the spell-casting Umbralist each using their own unique styles to fight a barrage of enemies.In Van Helsing III the civil war is over in Borgovia but the future looks grim. The city of weird science is in ruins squabbling factions and criminals fight for power and a strange cult prophesizes the coming of "The end of times." And they might be just right: A wave of uncanny events shakes the land and it's all connected to a mysterious creature a former ally turned into a fearful arch-villain. Which means that Van Helsing will do what he does best: He wields weapons prepares his deadly tricks and hunts down the most dangerous monster who has ever lived - and this time it's personal. He's prepared to do anything to achieve his goal even to face the darkest secret about the birth of the modern Borgovia.