It is 842. The years seem to be alike as well people were accustomed to their living in Byzantium. Markets were crowded by sellers and buyers. Guard were bent at the city wall and its notables have been delivering news of the parish for Tsar. Whereas his messengers were delivering the urgent news about Muslims movements which was a bugbear for him since the peace and calm that Byzantium have been blessed with centuries ago was being threatened and able to be vanished. Nevertheless in Byzantium children were working and priest was desperate of the city and people way of living so he had preached them and promised them with salvation after restating the verses of Gospel. And by the scenery an old lady waiting the promised day. Inside the castle the servants were preparing food and cleaning the rooms halls and corridors. Tsar was at his daily morning walk accompanied by his guards who wait for any new order. But.. A single room in Tsar castle was different his granddaughter "Mallika" who had been always worried. She was not sad for the earthquake that ruined her wedding ceremony because her grandfather promised to reside a better and special one that Rome have not seen before. In spite of this she was thinking about injustice and turmoil that people had been suffering from and how she can help in achieving justice. Nothing can calm her down except prayer and crying in addition to some dreams that take her to another world. But all the castle dwellers thought that her new wedding ceremony will make her feel better the wedding that she had never liked and every time she thought about she felt worse. One day Lady Mallika waked up happily she had dreamed of a promising future. What was that dream? And how princess of Rome moved to slave market in Baghdad and then to the house of Imam Ali Al-Hadi (peace be upon him) ? What are the events that lead to achieving the promised annunciation? And why the butterfly and the bat were following "Mallika"? It will be the events that the interesting movie "Princess of Rome" will reveal.