Hell is the place where a person is sent to who committed violent crimes when they were alive. Shinigami are forbidden to go there. One day prisoners revolt and make their escape to Karakura - the real world - where Ichigo and his friends live. Ichigo and his friends are defeated one after the other by prisoners with overwhelming power. A mysterious man appears who comes to their rescue. With Kokutou leading the way Ichigo Rukia Uryuu and Renji march into Hell to save the world. Hell - A place where beings that have committed mortal sins during their lifetime are sent. It is a realm where even Soul Reapers are forbidden to interfere. When a group of vicious Sinners plot to escape from this eternal prison they discover that Substitute Soul Reaper Ichigo Kurosaki is the key to their freedom. The Sinners launch an attack and in the process kidnap Ichigo's younger sister Yuzu and take her to Hell. With the help of a mysterious man named Kokuto Ichigo and his friends must now travel into the depths of Hell to stop the Sinners and save Yuzu unaware that their actions could bring Hell to the World of the Living. Bleach: The Hell Verse is a movie devoted to the fans of the anime Bleach so if you are not a viewer of this franchise you will not understand what is happening in the story. Having said that this movie does an amazing job of showing the fans a lot of things they have wanted to see hit the big screen. The story starts as Ichigo Kurosaki's school is attacked by spiritual beings wearing black cloaks as they claim that they want Ichigo's help. What do they want? They want him to destroy the Hell Gate so that all the sinners (prisoners of hell) can be freed. Ichigo naturally refuses but has his hand forced when the leader of the Hell rebels (the guys in the black cloaks) has taken Yuzu (Ichigo's sister) back to hell with him. Ichigo gathers together a rag tag team of his friends Rukia Sado (Chad) Ishida and Renji to go into hell and rescue Ichigo's sister while uncovering the mystery of this sudden rebellion.