This was the scandal that rocked the world! It had everything: sex mayhem murder involving Hollywood's reining King of Comedy Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle. For many months his tragic saga captured the imagination of the world. The subject matter is timeless as the public's never-ending fascination with celebrity exposes proves. Yet the Arbuckle story has more! One Labor Day weekend Roscoe sets out for San Francisco to celebrate his new multi-million dollar contract with Paramount. He ends up in jail charged with the rape and murder of starlet VIRGINIA RAPPE a guest at an alleged orgy in his St. Francis Hotel suite. A nation is shocked. The portly comedian more popular with the world's children than Charlie Chaplin has suddenly grown horns. Roscoe's pictures are dropped from theaters across the land. Fellow comics BUSTER KEATON and MABEL NORMAND rally to their best friend's side but their efforts are undermined by the witch-hunt hysteria unleashed by the scandal. The anti-Hollywood frenzy is further fueled by the Hearst newspaper syndicate and prosecuting District Attorney MATTHEW BRADY whose zeal to send Arbuckle to the gallows is matched only by his ambition to become governor! At the trial the state's star witness MAUDE DELMONT not only fails to testify but is shown to have been conspiring to blackmail Roscoe. The "virginal" Miss Rappe is shown to have been suffering from venereal disease. The jury nonetheless remains deadlocked: 11-1 for acquittal. To lead his next defense Roscoe chooses famed attorney GAVIN MCNAB. McNab reveals one more state's witness to be a fraud another fugitive from a chain gang and yet another to have been forced by DA Brady to perjure herself. Roscoe is quickly and resoundingly acquitted but the damage has already been done! Fearing federal censorship Postmaster General WILL HAYES is hired to head Hollywood's new self censorship bureau. Hay's first act to ban Roscoe Arbuckle from the screen for life! Roscoe is devastated both emotionally and financially. He is forced to return to vaudeville and later to direct pictures for Buster Keaton under a false name. But the Arbuckle legacy remains. A brilliant innovator he was an acknowledged inspiration to Chaplin Keaton and Harold Lloyd and through them to the comics of today. He will ever be lamented as a scapegoat for an era which began as an Age of Promise of Hope of Endless Dreams.