In 1970s San Diego journalism was a well respected profession and people actually cared about what they saw on TV. And the top rated anchor man in the city is Ron Burgundy. He enjoys his run at the top and has for the last five years. And his news team is equally as good as he is. Professional jock and former professional baseball player Champ Kind handles the sports the curiously dim witted Brick Tamland - who's a few channels short of a cable subscription - handles the weather and ladies' man Brian Fantana - whose collection of fine scents would be in the Guinness Book Of Records - handles the on-field reporting. But now all that is about to change forever. The TV station Burgundy works for Channel 4 has embraced diversity and has hired a beautiful new female anchor named Veronica Corningstone. While Ron Burgundy and the rest of the Channel 4 news team enjoys fighting with competitors drinking and flirting with the ladies Veronica quietly climbs her way to the top. And Veronica's success drives Ron Burgundy crazy. So much that Veronica's meddling causes Ron to get demoted and ultimately lose his job with Channel 6. Now left with nothing Ron must find a way to get back to the top - and that involves a story about a rare Chinese panda giving birth on US soil. Will Ron be the one to report the story on a national level? Set in the 70s Ron Burgundy is the top rated newsman of San Diego's male-dominated Channel 4. Veronica Corningstone who joins this news channel is more than just a sex object; she's determined to be a news anchor. And no she's not kidding unlike what Ron Burgundy thought as a "funny joke". As Ron becomes increasingly jealous of her popularity the animosity between them gets bigger. San Diego 1970s. Ron Burgundy is an anchorman at a local TV news station. He is very popular and a local celebrity. His news segment is Number 1 across all demographics and things are going incredibly well. However his news team is entirely male and resembles a boys club. In the interests of diversity the station brings in a female reporter Veronica Corningstone. While the remainder of the team are appalled at the decision Ron is torn between a similar misogynism and his attraction to her. Initially Ron and Veronica do well and an intimate relationship forms. However an event splits them apart resulting in a bitter feud between the two. Ron Burgundy is the top-rated anchorman in San Diego in the '70s. When feminism marches into the newsroom in the form of ambitious newswoman Veronica Corningstone Ron is willing to play along at first-as long as Veronica stays in her place covering cat fashion shows cooking and other "female" interests. But when Veronica refuses to settle for being eye candy and steps behind the news desk it's more than a battle between two perfectly coiffed anchor-persons... it's war. It's the 1970s as San Diego anchorman Ron Burgundy is the top dog in local TV which gives way to his freewheeling sexism with his fraternal-like crew. But all that's about to change (or be jeopardized) when ambitious reporter Veronica Corningstone has just arrived as a new employee at his TV station.