In order to avenge his insult against wealthy Hoshiarchand Choudhary; Pandit Shaadiram Gharjodhe asks Raju; a coolie by profession to masquerade as a wealthy business tycoon so that he can get marry to Choudhary's daughter Malti. Choudhary does accept the match and the wedding of Raju and Malti are celebrated. After the wedding Raju will find that he might as well have to pretend all his life as gradually Choudhary begins to suspect him especially when he gets caught by Choudhary at the bus station working as a coolie. Pandit Shaadiram Gharjore is a village match-maker. When he takes some guy's family to see Malti Hoshyaarchand (her father) insult the family and throw them out saying he wants a son-in-law at least 40 times wealthier than he. Panditji is so humiliated that he vows to do something about Hoshyaarchand's ego. This is where the story begins. Panditji goes to his friend Raju (Coolie No. 1) (who by the way has fallen in love with this rich girl since he saw her picture before panditji took the random guy's family to see her) and convinces him to pretend to be the son of the richest man in Asia. After a lot of bootlicking on the part of Hoshyaarchand Malti and Raju get married. The rest of the film revolves around upholding this bit of deception and gets quite interesting.... :) Angered at Choudhry Hoshiarchand Shikarpuri Bakulwala for humiliating him matchmaker Shaadiram Gharjodhe decides to teach him a lesson. He introduces Choudhry to a multi-millionaire named Raju so that Choudhry can get him married to his only daughter Malti. Choudhry's eyes light up when he comes to know about Raju and his wealth and he readily agrees to have Malti marry him. Malti meets with Raju and both fall in love with each other. Their marriage is arranged which takes place with great pomp and ceremony. It is only after the marriage that Choudhry finds out that Raju is really a poor coolie and not a multi-millionaire. Angered at his deception he now plots to have the two seperated at any cost - with hilarious results.