The Republic of Wadiya is ruled by an eccentric and oppressive leader named Hafez Aladeen. Aladeen is summoned to New York to a UN assembly to address concerns about his country's nuclear weapons program but the trip goes awry. Aladeen is the ego maniacal dictator of Wadiya who's hated by practically everyone in his country even his confidants. He goes to New York to speak at the assembly about his country's nuclear weapons. But suddenly someone assigned to protect him grabs hims and shaves off his trademark beard and was about to kill him when something happens and he escapes He tries to go to the UN but his people have placed a double in his place and he speaks to the UN announcing he plans to turn Wadiya into a Democracy. Aladeen tries to go in but is kept out. He is taken in by a woman who was there protesting Aladeen. She gives him a job which is foreign to him. When the UN threatens the nuclear program of the Republic of Wadiya the dictator Hafez Aladeen decides to go to New York to make a speech in the assembly. However his minister Tamir is plotting a scheme to topple Aladeen and sign multimillionaire contracts with foreign oil companies to make him a tycoon. Tamir hires the torturer Clayton to kill Aladeen but he fails and the dictator flees without his long beard. Aladeen unsuccessfully tries to reach the Lancaster Hotel and he meets the owner of the store of natural products Zoey who is protesting against the presence of Aladeen in UN. She believes that he is a refugee from Wadiya and brings Aladeen to her store to help him to cater the hotel. He stays with her while he tries to find a means to break in the hotel with his comrade Nadal. Admiral General Aladeen is one of the world's last standing old school dictators. Enjoying near unlimited wealth thanks to the company's vast producing oil fields he rules his country with an iron fist whether it's executing anyone who he doesn't agree with changing 300 words in his native language to his last name or staging an Olympics where he wins every gold medal he might be one of the world's most dangerous men. When the UN threatens sanctions against his country the North African Republic of Wadiya he has no choice but to come to New York City to address the UN Council. While here General Aladeen is ritualistically stripped of his power by a rogue CIA official and cast out into the city of Manhattan where he goes from ruthless dictator to being another face in the crowd. Along the way he meets a woman named Zoey who runs an organic health food store and runs into a borough of New York that is essentially full of the people he supposedly executed several years ago. Could Zoey be the key to him getting back into the game or will Wadiya be stripped and sold to the highest bidding oil company? Haffaz Alladeen is the bizarre dictator of the oil-rich African nation of Wadiya. Alladeen is as egotistical and ruthless as dictators come executing anyone who disagrees with him by using his signature "head chop" signal. Alladeen is summoned by the UN to address their concerns about his nuclear program.