Miss Brooks teaches English at Madison High rents a room from Mrs. Davis gets rides to school with student Walter fights with Principal Conklin and tries to snag shy biology teacher Boynton. Connie Brooks is the well-liked English teacher at Madison High School. Her popularity is in stark contrast to the unpopularity of the school's principal Osgood Conklin who runs the school like it's the military. Connie is a "Miss" who desperately wants to be a "Mrs." historically Mr. Right finding her being more difficult than she finding potential Mr. Rights. Since her move to Madison she evaluates men as potential husbands based on how she imagines them in front of the cottage for sale in which she wants to live and which she can see from her bedroom window. She has hoped to be Mrs. Phil Boynton - he the school's biology teacher - ever since they met on her first day at Madison the two who have been steady now for quite some time. However he seems to be slow to get to the matrimonial stage with her she unaware it's because he wants to build up a nest egg before he asks her to marry him. Speeding up building that nest egg is dependent on Phil getting a promotion the most logical job being head of the department. A few issues directly or indirectly affect Connie's ability to become Mrs. Boynton. First she is having problems with Gary Nolan a general B+ student who is failing her class and who has no friends because of his standoffish demeanor. In meeting his wealthy father Lawrence Nolan Miss Brooks can see that Gary's problems with her and with English are solely what they represent in his life. In trying to help Gary Connie may find another potential Mr. Right waiting in the wings. And second Mr. Conklin wants to run for the new elected position of Coordinator of Education he not having told anyone it's solely because his opponent Superintendent Stone has threatened to fire him due to the way he runs the school. Despite not liking Mr. Conklin as much as the next person Connie obliges his request to be his campaign manager solely as if he wins an even more lucrative potential position for Phil as principal is opened. Through Connie's trials and tribulations Mrs. Davis Connie's kind-hearted doddering and overly meddlesome elderly landlady does whatever she can to ensure that what she and what she believes Connie truly want happens.