Neil Will and Simon receive an invite from Jay to join him in Australia whilst on his gap year who promises them it's ''the sex capital of the world''. With their lives now rather dull compared to their hedonistic school days and legendary lads holiday it's an offer they can't refuse. Once again they put growing up temporarily on-hold and embark on a backpacking holiday of a lifetime in an awful car inspired by Peter Andre's 'Mysterious Girl'. Will soon finds himself battling with the lads to do something cultural whilst they focus their attention on drinking girls and annoying fellow travelers. Friends Will McKenzie Simon Cooper Jay Cartwright and Neil Sutherland have graduated from Rudge Park Comprehensive where they were nowhere near being among the popular kids but not the total social outcasts either. Will's high school life was made all the worse because of the antagonism between him and one of the school administrators Mr. Phil Gilbert. Now separated the friends' lives are outwardly not much better. Nerdish Will is attending uni in Bristol where he has no real friends something about which he is in total denial. Simon who is in a perpetual state of puppy love is also at uni but in Sheffield so that he could be with his girlfriend Lucy who he met while on vacation in Greece. Simon doesn't want to admit that he really doesn't much like Lucy due to her controlling and violently obsessive behavior toward him. Short of more than a few brain cells Neil is working in a dead end job. And all talk/no action Jay has moved to Sydney Australia following breaking up with his girlfriend Jane - a friend of Lucy's who Jay also met on that same vacation in Greece - she who he was always a bit outwardly embarrassed by due to her being slightly overweight. According to Jay he is now living in his Uncle Bryan's mansion has a bevy of beauties catering to his every sexual need and is the hippest DJ at the hottest club in town. Due to feeling down in the dumps about their lives Will Simon and Neil decide to take a four week vacation to Australia first stop being to find and stay with Jay in the lap of luxury and fun. They will soon discover that Jay's life is not even remotely close to what he reported. The friends' collective wants for the trip start to diverge when Will runs into Katie someone he knew from prep school she who seems to like him in a sexual vein. Katie and the group with who she is traveling are hip and outdoorsy being so which Will tries to emulate while he follows Katie around Australia. He doing so not only places him at odds with his friends but also with Ben one of Katie's friends who takes any opportunity to denigrate him in front of Katie. Meanwhile Jay wants them all to spend their vacation at Splash Planet a water park he not telling them the real reason behind this choice of a locale and the real reason he is in Australia. Through it all Simon continues to negotiate his relationship with Lucy via Skype he always seeming to end up on the short end of the stick with her. As Will Simon Jay and Neil spend time together and apart their friendship is tested as they get into one misadventure after another.