Having served a year in prison after being wrongly accused of an insurance scam Danny Rooney returns to The World determined to make something of him-self. However an obligation to look after his two hapless and recalcitrant younger brothers and a local criminal gang run by a sixty-year old female villain hell bent on keeping the three boys firmly under her thumb makes Danny's aspirations next to impossible. In short the Rooney brothers are a car crash waiting to happen. A glimmer of hope arrives in the shape of a letter from Ireland. A distant relative of their late mother has passed away and has bequeathed to them a pub. This sounds like salvation to the boys and an instant escape from the clutches of their wretched lives. Full of hope Danny travels to a tiny village on the southwest coast of Ireland to attend his relative's funeral and quickly discovers that all is not what it seems. For starters the pub is not a pub at all but is in fact a funeral parlour. To complicate matters further the will stipulates that Danny will not receive ownership of the business unless he consents to work with the deceased grand-son the embalmer an off the wall angry self-loathing drunken misfit. If they refuse to work together the business will close forever. The thought of running a funeral parlour is an absolute nightmare for Danny and he is determined to get out of Dodge as quickly as possible. However the villagers a motley crew of idiosyncratic oddballs led by an outlandish priest have other ideas. The funeral parlour has been in the village for generations and its inhabitants are hell bent on doing everything they can to keep it that way. Add to this explosive mix Danny's blossoming love affair with the publican's gorgeous daughter complicated by her insanely jealous suitor who happens to be the village policeman. The stakes increase further when Danny's two brothers show up unannounced seeking refuge from the criminal gang to whom they owe a large sum of money as the gang are hot on their trail the stage is set for fireworks on a grand scale.