A confident young man with a unique style and a solid entrepreneurial spirit has made it his mission to bring the small pleasures in life to a global market. As an aspiring inventor inspired by history's most infamous jokesters he's determined to jump through all the hoops in order to realize his dreams. When he's not taken seriously amongst the locals stateside he takes it upon himself to travel to Shanghai and broker a manufacturing deal on his own. Lost in Shanghai Johnson discovers that it takes more than a bright idea to succeed. It takes guts determination and a fist full of sneezing powder. How far would you go to get your invention made? Self-styled 'Novelty Inventor' Johnson has a great idea. He's sitting on the next big novelty craze but no one in his home town will believe him. Even his mom. Perhaps it's because he won't tell anyone exactly what it is... Armed with his hard-earned savings and a manufacturing contact found on 'craigslist' Johnson decides he's going to the place where they make everything. Where the Stuff comes from. China. But when his craigslist contact flakes on him Johnson is alone in Shanghai. He's forced to think fast before his once-in-a-lifetime opportunity evaporates. How exactly does someone get something 'Made In China'? It's the story of a young man's quest to make his dream come true. Whoopie cushions rubber chickens pet rocks slinkys. Behind each of those great novelties is the story of a great Novelty Inventor. This is the story of one such inventor. Johnson a 20-something self-styled "novelty inventor" is determined in his quest to bring the world his big little idea. When his pitch falls flat at home he realizes there is only one logical place to turn - China. From cosmopolitan night clubs to ancient gardens to the teeming market streets Shanghai China is a puzzle that Johnson must unravel if he is to succeed. With determination inspiration and hard work Johnson just might finally realize the American dream. A dream that can only be - Made In China.