Seven segments related to one another only in that they all purport to be based on sections of the book by David Reuben. The segments range from "Do Aphrodisiacs Work?" in which a court jester gives an aphrodisiac to the Queen and is in the end beheaded to "What Happens During Ejaculation?" in which we watch 'control central' during a successful seduction. Seven unrelated stories are presented they only tied together in that each loosely tries to answer a question about sex. In "Do Aphrodisiacs Work?" a court fool in medieval England is in lust with the Queen. He believes the only chance he has with her regardless of the consequences by the King if he is caught (the King who already believes the fool not to be funny) is to ply the Queen with an aphrodisiac obtained from a sorcerer. Even if the aphrodisiac works the fool may have more challenges in having the Queen. In "What Is Sodomy?" married Dr. Doug Ross who has a general practice in New York City receives a visit from a new patient Stavros Milos a rural Armenian recently arrived in the US and the brother of an existing patient. The reason for Mr. Milos' visit leads to Dr. Ross questioning his own sex and love life as well as his sanity. In "Why Do Some Women Have Trouble Reaching an Orgasm?" mod Italian couple Fabrizio and Gina have a passionate yet detached relationship typical of what one might see in a 'Federico Fellini' (qv) movie. The problem is that he cannot bring Gina to orgasm. In asking his friends and acquaintances how to overcome the problem Fabrizio may come across the answer in the most inopportune of ways. In "Are Transvestites Homosexuals?" middle aged Sam who has long been married to Tess has been feeling out of sorts of late. At a small dinner party hosted by their daughter's in-laws Sam takes measures to make himself feel better being caught in his self-pleasurement which would lead to some tough questions by all. In "What Are Sex Perverts?" celebrity panelists on the game show "What's My Perversion?" ask questions of the guest to figure out what his sex perversion is. This particular episode also contains a weekly feature where a pervert of the week gets to act out his/her fantasy on the air. In "Are the Findings of Doctors and Clinics Who Do Sexual Research and Experiments Accurate?" Dr. Bernardo who formerly worked for Masters and Johnson is doing his own sexual studies now. Victor Shakapopoulos a researcher who will be working with Dr. Bernardo and Helen Lacey a journalist who will be interviewing Dr. Bernardo for a news article meet en route to Dr. Bernardo's house cum laboratory. Victor and Helen will find that their encounter with Dr. Bernardo is nothing as they imagined and has potentially deadly consequences. And in "What Happens During Ejaculation?" mission control in Sidney's brain believes based on everything that has happened on his current date that he will have sex tonight. After a dry spell mission control may have problem coordinating all Sidney's bodily functions while his sperm anxious for a release may not know how to proceed due to lack of practical knowledge.