Shivajirao Desai is the owner and administrator of a college in Sajjanpur. His ambition is to transform the college into an educational institution of international standards. However he dies an untimely death and the entire responsibility falls in the shoulders of his young inexperienced daughter Ashwini. She accepts this tough responsibility and works hard to accomplish her father's dream. However she faces many obstacles. One such obstacle being a college gang creating havoc at college. So she decides to hire a Personality Development Specialist professor an Oxford graduate from England. Professor Manohar Dikshit arrives from England and checks into a five star hotel. Manya a convict on the run from Police who is a lookalike of Manohar rushes into the same hotel running from cops. The police arrest Manohar Dikshit mistaking him for Manya while Manya is mistaken for the professor and escorted to the college. The terrified professor tries to explain the police that he is in fact a respected professor but in vain. Ashwini discusses her issues with Manya who is well versed with such trivial matters; accepts the challenge and easily solves the matter. His only motive is to stay away from the clutches of the police. He tries his best to maintain the disguise. However his actions are taken in a very different spirit; he is considered smart benevolent an intelligent problem solver in the eyes of everyone at college. Meanwhile Manya's girlfriend Chandni comes to the college looking for Manya and all hell breaks loose. Manohar Dikshit encounters Mukutbhai in jail; he realizes Manohar is not a ruffian. Meanwhile Ashwini takes a loan from her uncle to undertake some construction work of the college building. She pledges the college property as collateral for the loan. However he too dies and all the papers of the property fall in the hands of her cousin Uday. Ashwini unable to repay the loan Uday becomes the owner of the college property. Uday is not interested in the college property and wants to build a mall in the same plot. Ashwini shares her troubles with Manya. Will Manya resolve her problems. Will Manya be able to help Ashwini? What happens to Manohar Dikshit?