The owner of the James Joyce Irish Bar is about to lose the two most important things to him in life - his wife and his bar. He has only a few hours to figure out how to keep both while dealing the wide assortment of characters always present at his bar. Maybe some people just aren't meant to fall in love. For years it seemed as though Mike was living the ideal life. He owned the popular James Joyce Irish Pub drove expensive cars wore tailored suits and lived in one of the richest areas in Tampa. But most of all he was the biggest player in town. He could get any woman he wanted and he did sometimes even all at once. He was a legend in his own time but then it happened - Mike finally met Sandra the woman of his dreams and fell in head over heels white picket fence settle down and get married love. But there was one tiny problem standing between him and a lifetime of love and happiness - his enormous list of past female conquests that started coming back to haunt him. So when Sandra gets wind of his shady past things start to disintegrate between them. Then when she catches Mike in an innocent but seemingly guilty situation it's the last straw for Sandra. Certain Mike has cheated on her she files for divorce vowing to take away the only thing Mike loves almost as much as her - his pub. With only a few hours to go before he loses everything Mike ponders the steps that spiraled him down to the depths of his despair while trying to figure out how to prevent his financial demise. Unfortunately being the owner and head bartender of the pub brings another long list of problems and crazy happenings for him to deal with simultaneously. Jen the bartender is working more than the bar on this evening. She's working Mike as well. She feels Mike is her one true love in this world and with his pending divorce she's making sure she's the first girl on Mike's mind when he becomes single again. She's so gorgeous and sexy that her propositions are painful for Mike to turn down. Sue the shot girl has recently caught her boyfriend in bed with another woman and to make matters worse she's about to go ballistic because she hasn't sold a single shot all night. As customers continue to turn her down time after time she makes a promise to herself that no one will ever treat her badly again. To make matters worse a gang of street thugs are harassing Mike's customers while working up a plan to win back some money their leader lost earlier in a game of craps. And a 21st birthday party seems destined to decimate his bar with puke during a drunken try at a 21 Shot Tequila Salute for the birthday boy. A bachelorette party in the corner has started dancing on the tables and underwear is starting to fly. Puffed up political pundits lean on the bar talking seriously and believing they are making more and more sense with every martini and cigar they inhale. And all through the pub butt-ugly girls are flirting with beer goggle-eyed guys all of them getting more and more attractive with every drink.