The story relates how Ludwig Streusand and his daughter Violet are living in New York. Ludwig is known as "Old Dutch" and after years of hard study and labor he completes his invention of what he calls the teloptophone a device which when attached to a telephone enables the speaker to see the party at the other end of the wire. He goes to John Rockmorgan with his invention and after proving its worth Rockmorgan agrees to finance his invention and gives him a check for $5000 on account. Old Dutch and his daughter have had rather a hard time of it. Now that his invention is a success he feels that the best thing to do is to go away to Palm Beach with her for a vacation. To escape the publicity arising through the invention of the teloptophone he also thinks it wise to assume another name so as to avoid being questioned and annoyed about his invention. He arrives at a Palm Beach hotel and registers under the name of John Mueller and daughter and settles down to a period of rest and comfort. Harold John Rockmorgan's son has also gone to the hotel and when he sees Violet love awakens in his heart. They meet and she is happy in her first love affair. In the meantime we see the vaudeville team of Bings and Bings discharged from the theater in which they are playing on account of their act being so bad. They are in desperate straits and the idea comes to the male member of the team to go to a fashionable hotel in Florida and by hook and crook get some of the money of the millionaires. "Old Dutch" has become a great favorite with the children of the hotel and on the day that Bings and Bings arrive there while playing with the children he loses his pocketbook. It is the good luck of Mr. Bings to be the first to see the pocketbook and before registering he goes through the contents and sees the check made out to Ludwig Streusand for $5000. When he finds there is no such man stopping there he boldly signs the name of Ludwig Streusand and daughter. When Joubert the hotel proprietor learns that such an illustrious person is stopping with him he immediately begins to give receptions and balls in his honor. "Old Dutch" is so wrapped up in having a good time that he is unaware a man is masquerading under his name so when his week's bill is presented he is unable to pay it as his check for $5000 and all means of identification have gone with the pocketbook. Joubert is furious that "Old Dutch" cannot pay his bill and tells him that he and his daughter must either go to jail or work off their board bill "Old Dutch" protests and says that his name is Streusand and John Rockmorgan is his partner. Joubert laughs at him and points at whom he thinks is the real Streusand. Harold tells the proprietor he feels sure that "Old Dutch" is speaking the truth. When Joubert asks him how long he has known him and in what way he can identify them he is left without an answer. So they are put to work "Old Dutch" in the stable and Violet in the kitchen. Meanwhile the vaudeville team of Bings and Bings are having the time of their lives. The female end of the sketch is doing her best to win Harold Rockmorgan who still believes and loves Violet. After having been forced to perform various duties around the hotel on the night of a banquet given in honor of the false Streusand Joubert forces "Old Dutch" to be head waiter. In the meantime "Old Dutch" has induced Harold to phone to his father to come down and identify his partner. At first he refuses but Harold gets the teloptophone from "Old Dutch" and tells his father that he plainly sees the stenographer seated on his lap and unless he does come at once he will tell mother. That settles the old man. During the banquet Bings is called upon for a speech and as he is telling his eager listeners what a wonderful man he is Rockmorgan arrives downstairs in the hotel. The clerk hastens to tell Joubert. "Old Dutch" overhears the good news and knows that his time has come. He tears down to the office followed by Bings and the surprised guests. He runs up to Rockmorgan who quickly explains that "Old Dutch" is the real Streusand and the other is a fakir. Bing and Bings' day is over. Harold and Violet are free to get married and "Old Dutch" takes up his pleasure again.