Her parents being zoologists homeschooled Cady Heron lived in Africa for 15 years. Attending a Chicago public high school for the first time she starts out by befriending the "best people you will meet" Janis a supposedly lesbian girl; and Damian a boy "too gay to function". Cady is warned to avoid the "worst people you will ever meet" the Plastics--a clique comprised of three girls: Gretchen Wieners a girl who's rich because her father invented toaster strudel; Karen Smith the "dumbest girl you will ever meet"; and Regina George the unofficial leader and the meanest one. She becomes a hit with the Plastics and eventually assimilates into the clique only for Janis to ask her sabotage them. After conflicts involving Regina's ex-boyfriend Aaron Samuels Cady later becomes tied between being part of them or sabotaging them. Whilst eventually becoming one she sabotages them. She tricks Regina into eating fattening candy bars that she claims will make her skinny tries to break her and Samuel up and tries to turn her fellow Plastics Karen and Gretchen against her. Will she be caught? Will she become too Plastic and become the fourth Plastic? Cady Heron a home-schooled girl lives in Africa whose parents are zoologist now she as a teenager is in high school and decided to fit in. She fits in with the popular kids in high school "The Plastics" whom her friends wanted to forbid her from fitting in with them. She decided to hang out with Regina George a popular girl and her ex-boyfriend Aaron Samuels. Her parents being zoologists Cady Heron has never known what "high school" truly meant. She lived her first 15 years in the African jungle home-schooled living life with only her parents and the animals of the wilderness knowing all of the rules of survival. But when she leaves Africa she has to learn the rules of high school which is a jugle in itsefe. It didn't take long before she met two sweet sweet teenagers Damian and Janis. But in turns of high school they are known as the " out krowd." Soon she meets the Plastics the three crude beautiful popular girls consisting of Regina the unofficial leader Gretchen who would do anything for Regina and Karen "one of the dumbest people you will ever meet." After just a few minuits they let her into their group but Cady wanted to keep her first friends so she wasnt really sure. But Damien and Jannis thougt that it might be fun to play a game with the plastics so they concinded her to keep the relationship with the Plastics. But only so thet could get to know all of there darkest secrets and then laugh at them. This doase not go really as they planed when Candy falls in love with Redigas ex boyfriend. When Regina finds out she seeks revenge of Cady by taking Aaron back. When Cady finds out what began as a game to discover secrets turns into a plan to destroy Regina. Now Cady Janis and Damian plot together to bring Regina's status down. However as Cady spends more time with the Plastics she too begins to become one. Cady Heron moves to a new home from the bush country of Africa. She goes to a new school where she meets Janis and Damian. Her new friends warn her to stay away from the Plastics: the A-list popular crude and beautiful clique headed by Regina George with Gretchen and Karen. When Cady sees Aaron Samuels she falls in love. When Regina discovers this she seeks revenge by taking and dangling Aaron in front of Cady. Now Cady Janis and Damian plot to bring Regina's status down. However as Cady continues to spend more time with the Plastics she begins to become one of them. Raised in the African bush country by her zoologist parents Cady Heron thinks she knows all about the "survival of the fittest". But the law of the jungle takes on a whole new meaning when the home-schooled 16-year old enters public high school for the first time. Trying to find her place between jocks mathletes and other subcultures Cady crosses paths with the meanest species of all - the Queen Bee aka the cool and calculating Regina George leader of the school's most fashionable clique the Plastics. When Cady falls for Regina's ex-boyfriend Aaron Samuels though the Queen Bee is stung - and she schemes to destroy Cady's social future. Cady's own claws soon come out as she leaps into a hilarious "Girl World" war that has the whole school running for cover.