Mefford's Barbershop is not just any barber shop mainly because Dave is not just any barber. He's a once somewhat famous musician now a family man and master with the scissors. But with Gus Dave's bachelor brother and fellow barber holding on to dreams of rebooting musical stardom. A constant promotion machine is at work. Unfortunately Gus's bumbling efforts to advance their careers is often the cause of outlandish situations brought about by his buffoonery. More hair is cut than songs as twisted knots and family chaos is par for the course. The Meffords are dysfunctional by nature with encore's of life's hit's in demand damn near daily. Dave's Ivy league politician wife Gloria is Hell-bent on "fixing" the world as Jill Dave and Gloria's eighteen-year-old daughter and her boyfriend Troy fight' for every cause they can find. Conspiracy theories fill their playbook as Troy is seen by Dave as the force that drives Jill to "fight the man." Dave throws in his sometimes ignorant two cents on just about anything he sees as "off." His ability to spot injustice even when there is none makes for the bulk of time between the two spent arguing just about on anything. Troy works for Dave as well and lives with them while he works his way through college. A living situation Dave strongly disagrees with but is put up with as his opinion is held at bay with his wife's hammer of God word written in stone. The characters sitting in the barber's chair are diverse and often loose-lipped due to the level of comfort and familiarity the establishment exudes. Dave never loses sight of what's important. Dave often champions others who are in tough situations themselves often to the contrary of his own needs. He has a soft spot for the "Underdog" which often puts him into tough situations. His cousin Sheriff Codgers is a typical small town sheriff and spends a lot of time at the shop. He does his job well but is also very concerned with his image around election time. Which is difficult to maintain due to the fact that he constantly has to hide his infidelity. Heather a former stripper has been taken under the wings of the shop as she finds a safe haven from the world she's trying to leave behind. Her flirtatious ways and eye candy looks keep the customers coming back. She's also part of the shop family mentality and is safeguarded as well. The fast-growing town even has a nuclear power plant being built on some of its farmland. Constantly being threatened or offered bribes from real estate land grabbers or national hair salons that pop up like weeds. The heavy foot trafficked location is in high demand. Through the roller coaster business and family drama Dave does his best to stay the course and roll with the punches.