A mother's prayer a father's struggle and a daughter's hope ~ the Good Ole Days Rita Leigh as the unstoppable Grandma Olla Mae is a hilarious comedy about a bible-packing but bikini wearing grandmother who is determined to pull her family together by any means necessary. Of course Olla has to have her crazy old sidekicks including "can't hold his tongue" "always got to be in something" Deacon Jesse. You don't want to miss the Good Ole days a movie your whole family will enjoy. It will have you reminiscing about your days growing up and will leave your family in stitches. Do you remember the 'good old days' when the entire neighborhood helped to raise a child when kids actually played outside and when there was such thing as R-E-S-P-E-C-T? These are the things that Olla Mae is teaching her granddaughter Nettie Mae in the hilarious new comedy Good Ole Days. Nettie Mae is sent to live with Olla Mae after child protective services threatens to take her away from her partying and abusive mother Mae Mae. Nettie Mae meets unforgettable characters Deacon Jesse and Sharkey who are respectively old school and new school womanizers. Nettie Mae also interacts with Olla Mae's neighborhood friends who teach her about how things used to be in the good old days. Olla Mae a less than typical bikini-wearing grandma takes Nettie Mae on a gut-busting roller coaster ride of laughs reminiscing about the past while trying to protect her family's future. This family friendly story will have you laughing crying and praying all while you're on the edge of your seat. A mother's prayer a father's struggle and a daughter's hope ~ the Good Ole Days starring Tommy Ford and introducing Rita Leigh as the unstoppable Grandma Olla Mae is a hilarious comedy about a bible-packing but bikini wearing grandmother who is determined to pull her family together by any means necessary. Of course Olla has to have her crazy old sidekicks including "can't hold his tongue" "always got to be in something" Deacon Jesse. You don't want to miss the Good Ole days a movie your whole family will enjoy. It will have you reminiscing about your days growing up and will leave your family in stitches.