John Humperdink Stover otherwise known as "The Varmint" for his pestiferousness or as "Dink" when in special favor was expelled from a boarding school and sent to Lawrenceville Academy. On the stage on the way to the school he meets a somewhat silent man whom "Dink" sizes up for a salesman and he proceeds to wax eloquent on the subject of his past career and the reason why he was expelled from his previous school. The "salesman" is no other than the professor of Latin known to the boys as the "Roman." "Dink" boasts that in a week he will have the boys at the school in his power. A strange uneasiness grips him when he sees that he does not make just the impression he expected. Little by little he succeeds in making himself the most thoroughly disliked and abhorred person on the campus. "Dink" rises a point in his schoolmates' estimation when he discovers on reporting to the Latin class that the instructor is no other than the traveling man of the stage on the day of his arrival and in order to make good some of the many boasts he made on that day fakes the translation. The Roman possessed of a good sense of humor compliments "Dink" on his performance much to everyone's surprise. The first girl to attract "Dink" Stover is no other than the pretty daughter of the Roman considerably older than he is. After a short and one-sided flirtation Miss McCarty becomes engaged to another man and "Dink" is desperate until some new neckwear comes in at the local haberdasher's and diverts his mind from his agony. As a result of his neglect of study "Dink" finds himself about to be dropped in school for falling off in his studies. He is to have a private examination at the Roman's house. Stover decides to cheat and arranges with the Tennessee Shad and MacNooder to overturn a large water cooler outside the Roman's door and other devices to get him out of the way. To his utter dismay the Roman goes out of the room and stays thus putting him on his honor. "Dink" signs his name at the head of the blank paper and is dumbfounded when upon the Roman's return he seems to scan the blank sheets closely and says : "I think this will about pass you Stover." The two discover that they had been friends from the first and "Dink" really comes into his own when the Roman explains that as he is now an upper classman it is up to him to set a good example to the younger boys.