Claire is an abortion provider in rural USA whose state government has ruled to temporarily close her clinic. With all this newfound free time she decides to drive for a few ride share companies sharing ideas with new folks and passing the days with confidence that the decision will be reversed in just a few months. When state senator Wyatt Wesley who was instrumental in passing this legislation has a heart attack and dies in her car she forges a bond with his widow Susan and daughter Monica. Monica has been excommunicated from her family after making a revealing documentary about her father and has no place to stay while in town for the funeral. She makes a plan to crash at Claire's and an idea strikes for her to make a film about Claire's situation. While juggling this new project her resurfacing guilt and reconciliation with her mother Monica seeks refuge with Claire and a friendship begins. Claire's distant assistant Chris stops by every now and then to discuss how to move forward with reopening the clinic and her own off-kilter love life. Claire's boyfriend Matthew comes to town from the city to visit her though things don't seem to be going too well for the couple who once shared a relationship out of convenience which has grown inconvenient. Claire's nephew Ike riles her up like any rude teen would while she tries to teach him how to best practice masculinity under feminism. She is surrounded by people she once shared a bond with who are growing apart leaving her to send her often unwanted advice into the vast abyss of circling conversation. Claire figures out how to best work these relationships into the modern climate and that ultimately helps her figure out how she can operate in the changing world. When it comes time for her clinic to reopen we're hit with a blast of light and color bringing us back to the elements of what film is the enlightenment it can bring when everybody's story is given the chance to be told and the beauty of taking the time to celebrate victories when things are made right again.