Meghan Miles is a TV correspondent who works at a local Tv station. She gets an opportunity to work at a network. She goes home to celebrate with her boyfriend. Her friends show up to celebrate with her. But they find her despondent. It seems like her boyfriend left without saying good bye and the network is leaning towards someone else. Her friends convince her to go out and get drunk. They get her to put on a hot dress. She eventually gets so drunk that a guy offers to take her home but she prefers to go to his place. And she spends the night. When she wakes up she gets s call telling her that the network is reconsidering her so she has to go to work but her car was towed away and her wallet which in her purse is also in it. And she left her phone at the guy's place. She then finds herself wandering around downtown LA and runs into drug dealers and people think she's a hooker. So she has to find a way get to work. And even the police are after her. In Los Angeles the journalist Meghan Miles is disputing the anchor position of a TV network with another candidate. Megan is a calm woman from Texas that has just broken with her boyfriend. Her friends Rose and Denise come to her house to celebrate her new job but she learns that the other candidate has won the position. However her friends convince her to go to a night-club to drink to forget the deception and she wears a sexy yellow dress. She gets drunk and a stranger called Gordon offers to drive her home but she prefers to go to his apartment and they have one night stand. When she wakes up she finds a message in her cellular from a friend telling that she had been selected for the anchor position and her friend advises her to rest since her audition will be on the next day. Meghan leaves Gordon's apartment and finds that her car has been towed away with her purse. Further the door of the building is locked and she does not know the number of the apartment where Gordon lives. So she decides to take a cab to retrieve her car but the driver is a foreigner and misunderstands the tow place and she ends alone without money in the red zone downtown LA. Meghan sees a police car but the officers are douchebag and believe she is a prostitute. Meghan stumbles with drug dealers that try to help her but she only gets in trouble during the long night. Straight-laced Meghan Miles is having a string of bad luck. Her live-in fiancé Kyle has just broken up with her basically emptying out their apartment. A local Los Angeles on-air reporter turned local news anchor she is included in a broadcast news blooper reel posted online albeit one little seen or known. She is hoping to hide that fact when she goes in for an interview for a national network news anchor position. Despite the network not finding out about her on-air mishap Meghan eventually learns that although being on the short list of two she ends up in second place. To cheer her up Meghan's best friends Rose and Denise take her out on the town for an evening of boozing and generally whooping it up behavior which is atypical for Meghan. That atypical behavior includes borrowing one of Denise's skin-tight short short dresses instead of wearing her regular attire of a pantsuit. The evening which ends up including a one night stand with Gordon a Renaissance man who was the bartender at the club takes an uphill turn when Meghan learns that she will get the national network job if she impresses the network brass at the next local newscast a five o'clock. However Meghan getting to the studio on time and prepared is not as easy as it should be as she working her way from Gordon's apartment eventually ends up without her car and money and clad only in Denise's less than professional skin tight dress (that is unless one is talking about the oldest profession). As such she gets into one misadventure after another with no guarantee that she will make it to the studio on time or if she does that she will come across as she wants.