Father made millions in pork and was proud of the fact but his society loving wife wanted to forget that there was ever such a thing as a pig. Consequently she sent her daughter Susan off to a finishing school where she absorbed a blasé manner. Father was anything hut pleased with the change. One day at the club father came in contact with "Speed" Cannon and was so impressed with the effect his presence had upon people that he determined to try an experiment. He visits "Speed's" office and on a pretext gets him to his palatial home. As they arrive a burglar has terrorized its women occupants. "Speed" proves a hero but Susan evinces only a passing interest. "Speed" however is smitten with the languorous Susan and welcomes the opportunity of seeing her again. "Speed's" courtship is as fast as he is himself. After two weeks he manages to smuggle Susan away from a reception in honor of Count Englantine. He secures her consent to their marriage but she shows so little interest "Speed" is nonplussed. She is discovered by mother who whisks her to the Count who proposes. Susan puts him off. "Speed" again finds her and proposes that they elope. Susan thinks that would be romantic. Father lends his aid; but it is unavailing for Susan is so slow that mother discovers her. "Speed" is all broken up but father has a tip on the market and his woes arc forgotten as he talks over the details with "Speed." Next day "Speed" starts father's stock movement. Susan dismisses the Count and writes "Speed" declaring her love. The maid gets the notes mixed. "Speed" is broken-hearted and sends an attendant for a gun while the Count dashes to Susan. She quickly disillusions him and dashes in search for "Speed." She finds him in time to prevent his killing himself with an empty gun. She whisks him back to the office. Father hikes to the office with a minister. Mother becoming suspicious visits the office where the ceremony is being performed. Father holds her long enough to have Susan and "Speed" married. Mother is sore until she learns father's fortune has been augmented and accepts "Speed" because he made it possible.