Angelenos Doug Billings and Tracy Garner are about to get married. Two days before the wedding the four men in the wedding party - Doug Doug's two best buddies Phil Wenneck and Stu Price and Tracy's brother Alan Garner - hop into Tracy's father's beloved Mercedes convertible for a 24-hour stag party to Las Vegas. Phil a married high school teacher has the same maturity level as his students when he's with his pals. Stu a dentist is worried about everything especially what his controlling girlfriend Melissa thinks. Because she disapproves of traditional male bonding rituals Stu has to lie to her about the stag he telling her that they are going on a wine tasting tour in the Napa Valley. Regardless he intends on eventually marrying her against the advice and wishes of his friends. And Alan seems to be unaware of what are considered the social graces of the western world. The morning after their arrival in Las Vegas they awaken in their hotel suite each with the worst hangover. None remembers what happened in the past twelve or so hours. The suite is in shambles. And certain things are in the suite that shouldn't be and certain things that should be in the suite are missing. Probably the most important in the latter category is Doug. As Phil Stu and Alan try to find Doug using only what little pieces of information they have at hand they go on a journey of discovery of how certain things got into the suite and what happened to the missing items. However they are on a race for time as if they can't find Doug in the next few hours they are going to have to explain to Tracy why they are not yet back in Los Angeles. And even worse they may not find Doug at all before the wedding. Two days before his wedding with the wealthy Tracy Garner Doug Billings travels to his bachelor party in Las Vegas with his best friends the school teacher Phil Wenneck and the dentist Stu Price and Tracy's unconventional brother Alan Garner. Tracy's father lends his convertible Mercedez Benz that is his pride and joy to Doug with many recommendations. The quartet rents the best suite in the Caesar's Palace and they go to the roof to celebrate. Alan proposes a toast to Doug and they drink his booze. On the next morning Phil Stu and Alan have a hangover and they do not recall what they did last night; the room is upside down; Doug is missing; there is a baby in the wardrobe; a tiger in the bedroom; a chicken in the room; Stu has a missing tooth; and Doug is missing. The trio tries to track down last night to find what happened and sooner they discover that Stu married the stripper Jade (heather Graham) and Alan has spiked their booze with "Good Morning Cinderella" in the beginning of their crazy night. Three friends - Doug Billings Stu Price and Phil Wenneck head to Las Vegas for a promising epic bachelor party. They take along Alan Garner Doug's fiancée's unhinged brother - along for the ride. What happens in the next 24 hours they will never forget - or remember. Alan Stu and Phil all wake up in a luxury villa at Caesar's Palace - to find Doug the guest of honor - missing. They also find a chicken a tiger a random baby a missing tooth and a parking stub. As they put together the pieces of the night before they soon realize that there is more to this story than once thought. And did Stu get married to a stripper? And where is Doug? Four life-long friends head off to Las Vegas for a guy's weekend whilst they're there one friend (Alan) slips rufflin in the other three's (Doug Stu and Phil) shot glasses because Alan believes that it is ecstasy that same night they get so drunk that the next morning three of them wake up (Phil Stu and Alan) with no recollection of what happened during the previous night Doug missing a day before his wedding a tiger in the bathroom who happens to belong to at once a world heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson and a baby whose mother is a prostitute who Stu married the previous night whilst he was drunk. It also seems that the four rob a viscious Chinese crime-boss' chips at a casino. From dusk till dawn it's the three guy's mission to simultaneously rescue their groom to be best friend return the tiger to Mike Tyson divorce the prostitute and pay off the Chinese mobster. Just two days before his marriage with Tracy Garner Doug Billings in the company of two friends: Phil Wenneck and Stu Price; and Tracy's eccentric brother Alan head out to party in Vegas. Driving his father's Mercedez they rent a pricey villa at Caesar's and head for the rooftop to have a good time. Three of them later wake up with a hangover unable to re-collect what exactly happened. With the villa in a wreck they find that they have a baby in the closet; a grown tiger in the bathroom; Stu has a missing tooth and a hooker for a bride; and Doug is missing. Hilarious chaos results as the trio head out to re-trace their steps as well as try to locate Doug and bring him home in one piece before the wedding.