There was a young man by the name Peter living somewhere in the Bulgarian lands. He is poor but lighthearted and sharp-witted. To earn his keep Peter hires himself out as a farmhand to the village priest Father Stavros. On St George's Day Peter twice makes a laughing-stock of the local rich man Stamo in the eyes of the entire village. The priest and Stamo decide to get their revenge and rummage about among the old ledgers until they find out that Peter's grandfather has incurred some debt a long time ago. Together wit interest the sum due has since trebled. To pay up Peter has to forfeit his dilapidated house and his donkey to the rich man. As he refuses to go along the local notables drive him out of the village. The jolly farmhand takes his leave of the rich man's daughter and takes to the road to look for Justice. Peter signs up as a farmhand at an ancient Greek monastery. He soon realizes that the monk's piety is only skin-deep. One night when the abbot Kalistrat is indulging in debauchery in his richly appointed cell The Devil appears in the window. He ordered the abbot who is half-dead with fear to put some food in a basket and to take it in the garden. Soon after that Peter throws a party for the monastery farmhands. On the next day they bid him good-buy calling him for the first time Sly Peter. Peter once again sets on his journey seeking Justice. On a stormy nigh he arrives in a inn run by Hadzi Kostaki a hunch-backed skinflint and usurer. There Peter manages to outwit the usurer and to restore the money he had wrongfully taken from his maidservant pretty girl Kalinka and from the rest of his domestics. In a small inn he meets Nastradin Hodzha a wise and quick-witted old man. While Peter is traveling everywhere the victims of his tricks write a malicious report against him to Hasan Pasha the Governor. Peter contrives to replace the denunciation by an entirely different message. The substituted parchment says that all male factors be given fifty lashes each. Having belatedly found out the con the Governor wants Peter's head. Peter however invariably escapes detention as hundred of ordinary people love him so that he could go on bringing them joy and keeping up their hope of the ultimate triumph of Justice.