High school student Ferris Bueller wants a day off from school and he's developed an incredibly sophisticated plan to pull it off. He talks his friend Cameron into taking his father's prized Ferrari and with his girlfriend Sloane head into Chicago for the day. While they are taking in what the city has to offer school principal Ed Rooney is convinced that Ferris is not for the first time playing hooky for the day and is hell bent to catch him out. Ferris has anticipated that much to Rooney's chagrin. One fake sick day sends high school senior Ferris Bueller his girlfriend Sloane and his best friend Cameron on the adventure of their young lives as they ditch school and take off on a raucous journey through Chicago as they stay one step ahead of their principal and Ferris's sister. A high school slacker pretends to be sick to skip school and have an exciting day off alongside his girlfriend and his best buddy through Chicago while trying to outwit his obsessive school principal and his unconformited sister along the way. Ferris is a street-wise kid who knows all the tricks. Today he decides to take the day off school. When Ferris takes the day off so must his best friends Cameron and Sloane. Cameron is reluctantly persuaded to borrow his father's Ferrari and together they hatch a plan to get Sloane out of class. Suspicious dean of students Ed Rooney knows all about Ferris but can never catch him. Ferris' sister Jeanie is also frustrated that Ferris always gets away with his tricks and she doesn't. Furthermore Ferris is an 'angel' in his parents eyes. It's Ferris' day off he's out to enjoy himself and he does!. Ferris Bueller has played hooky numbers of times and this time he's got the entire school and more believing he is on the verge of death. On this special day off Ferris invites his friend Cameron Fry and girlfriend Sloane Peterson to his day of fun while taking Cameron's father's precious Ferrari for transportation. All the while the principal Ed Rooney is determined to prove Ferris is faking his illness and Ferris's agitated sister Jeanie also has a goal to catch Ferris off guard. Ferris enjoys his day with his friends until the mileage of the Ferrari reads one too many miles driven and Cameron has a blow out.