Corrupt politician Len Lewys-Jones (Robert Pugh) is poised to win an historic by-election in post-Brexit Wales. His rival for the seat is principled but popular human rights lawyer Alice Cartwright (Helen Griffin) in a race which is drawing nationwide attention. Hyper ambitious Len will do anything to secure a victory even if it means betraying those closest to him. He is accompanied by Craig (Rhys Isaac-Jones) an idealistic and loyal young aide who is nevertheless horrified by Len's boorishness and venality. Married to Len is Diane (Caroline Berry) a woman several years younger who turns a blind eye to her husband's peccadilloes due to the lavish lifestyle his money and status afford. However her selective blindness is tested when local woman Toni (Nia Trussler Jones) enters their lives. At the same time Ceri and Marc (Darren Evans and Rob Surman) - two talented but socially inept young graduates who publish graphic novels together - have discovered they are to lose their subsidized office space after Len sells the building to a local developer. In order to keep the venture going they accept an offer from Len's brash boisterous son Jason (Kyle Rees) a former school friend of Ceri's who now runs a telesales company. Uptight Marc is appalled by the culture of sleaze and forced jollity while Ceri who seeks approval from others at all costs fits in better. But Ceri's desire for acceptance may stifle a fledgling romance with Seona (Sarah Louise Madison). Nina Hetherington (Claire Cage) a London journalist has traveled to Wales with intern Martin (Tom Myles) to interview Len. Leading a comfortable life with husband Jonty (Huw Novelli) and their young daughter Lila in a fashionable district of the capital Nina seems to have it all. She resents having to travel to a less than desirable area of the country and is openly snobbish about their accommodation and Wales in general. But her wealth and status belie a troubled marriage and Martin the eager young intern may provide a temporary escape. Chariot explores the deterioration of the social contract and the effects our actions have on others. It poses the question "Should we curtail personal ambition to benefit the wider community?"