Working Out is a comedy that deals with moving on moving along and moving up and simply moving in. It deals with four friends who have been inseparable since grammar school and how their bond unites them despite their very different lifestyles. The story will truly show what all relationships are like in the real world for men and women. The main character Jim Salerno divorced his wife almost a year ago. Jim's best friend Ben has been happily married almost three years. Their friend Chuck hasn't had a decent relationship for more than three weeks and Philip's sexual preferences is being turned upside down.. Trying to get Jim out of his self-pity slump Ben and his wife Kelly suggest that Jim join a fitness center in order to better himself and possibly meet new people. Although Jim is against the idea he gives in to his friends' urging and signs the contract that begins the next chapter in his life. After a crazy bet Jim is forced to live with Veronica Ben's sister-in-law whom Jim despises for one month. The two cannot see eye to eye for a single minute. This rivalry has been present in their relationship since high school and shows no signs of letting up. That is until they realize there is a fine line between love and hate. Ben on the other hand is questioning his wife Kelly's loyalty to him because she is working more late nights they are having less sex and he feels a void developing in their marriage. Ben knows in his heart that he must confront Kelly about the distance between them but he is afraid to find out the real reason for that distance. Chuck is your typical male bimbo. His idea of a long-term relationship is buying his latest conquest breakfast the next morning. He lacks the ability to sustain a normal relationship and he's really not sure of what he wants in a relationship anyway besides sex. Philip has a major problem when he suspects his new boyfriend is a cross dresser. But things get really hectic when he discovers his new boyfriend... has a new girlfriend. Jim Ben Chuck and Philip all discover what is important in relationships... what it takes to make one work make one keep working and simply make one happen. This comedy will have women disgusted by what men really think and have men shocked at what women really want.