Down-on-his-luck theatrical producer Max Bialystock is forced to romance rich old ladies to finance his efforts. When timid accountant Leo Bloom reviews Max's accounting books the two hit upon a way to make a fortune by producing a sure-fire flop. The play which is to be their gold mine? "Springtime for Hitler." Brash and loud Max Bialystock was once a successful Broadway producer who now resorts to wooing and seducing elderly women each with their own specific sexual peccadillo to raise enough money for his shows. Leo Bloom a nervous man prone to hysterics is the latest person Max's accounting firm has sent to audit Max's books. The two decide to join forces to produce a Broadway show after an innocent passing comment by Leo: that a producer can make more money with a flop that closes after one performance than a success as the producer would not have to pay back the investors as the investors have bought into a specific percentage of the show. Thus their goal is to raise as much money as possible to produce a guaranteed flop that closes after one performance. Their first task is to find the worst show ever written which they believe they have in the offensive "Springtime for Hitler" a musical love story to the famed dictator written by patriotic and deranged Nazi German Franz Liebkind. Max then goes into overdrive to raise the money from his regular stable of elderly female investors and those of a similar ilk. He is so successful in this venture selling 25000% of the show that Max decides to get a human plaything as his short term reward. And they are able to hire who is considered the worst director in the business Roger De Bris and miscast the lead role with an actor who goes by his initials L.S.D. which truly does match his nature. But with all these pieces to produce a sure-fired flop have they actually created the perfect storm? Max Bialystock is a washed up Broadway producer. Leo Bloom is a mousy PA (public accountant). When the two meet their combined expertise points them toward the ultimate scam: Raise more money than you need for a SURE-FIRE Flop Broadway Show. No one will expect anything back and you can pocket the difference. They need the worst play to do this. They find it in the musical "Springtime for Hitler".