Charlie is a Rhode Island state trooper with a multiple personalities. He is otherwise mild-mannered and non confrontational until somebody or something pushes him a little too far. That's when his maniacal alter-ego Hank takes over. Charlie is assigned on a routine mission to return alleged fugitive Irene back to upstate New York but they wind up on the run from corrupt police officers. And their escape would be a lot simpler on everybody involved if Hank didn't keep stepping in at the most inopportune times.... It had all started when a patrol officer named Charlie Baileygates was married. Unfortunately his wife left him for the short Black guy who was their limousine driver. Charlie is single again and taking care of three children. A series of misfortunes for Charlie developed an inner anger within him then it came out in a form of another personality known as Hank Evans. While Charlie is nice kind and usually calm Hank is the polar opposite of Charlie being outrageous mean and short-tempered. Luckily Charlie told his doctor about this other personality who prescribed him with medication to suppress Hank. One day Charlie was assigned to personally escort a woman named Irene Waters to a prison in upstate New York. Then a series of unfortunate events happen as both Charlie and Irene run into a group of corrupt cops and Irene's abusive ex-boyfriend. In the middle of it all Charlie loses his medication and now fears that Hank will present himself and make the situation worse. While running Charlie and Irene fall for each other (and so does Hank). Now Both Charlie and Irene must stop the dirty cops Irene's ex-boyfriend and stay one step ahead of Hank. This is the story of a sweet-natured fellow named Charlie Baileygates a trooper in the Rhode Island State Police. He is otherwise mild-mannered and non confrontational until somebody or something pushes him a little too far. That's when his maniacal alter-ego Hank Evans takes over. After Charlie developed multiple personalities the colonel forces Charlie to escort Ms. Irene Waters a woman wanted by the police in upstate New York back to her home town but when he discovers she's really being set up for murder he helps her flee back to the safety of his own jurisdiction. It's all up to Charlie to keep Irene save from her evil corrupt ex-boyfriend Dickie Thurman along with his associates who plan on killing her thinking she knows everything that's going on. Jim Carrey plays a Rhode Island state trooper named Charlie who has dissociative identity disorder. One personality is crazy and aggressive while the other is more friendly and laid back. Both of these personalities fall in love with the same woman named Irene after Charlie loses his medication. A pacifistic Rhode Island state trooper who's too nice for his own good develops dissociative identity disorder with his alter ego being the complete opposite of everything he is in manner. Complications ensue when he's assigned to escort a woman back to New York and ends up falling in love with her. But the woman has shady people on her trail who want to take her--and now him--out of the picture.