An uptight domineering brother works hard to take care of himself and his ungrateful twin brother. Using the passing of their mother and the old fashion method Jewish guilt they find ways to manipulate each other into helping one another. Bernard and Louis are complete opposites and view the world through different eyes. A typical day in the conflicting lives of the twins which one works and the other makes excuses and lusts after Bernard's confidant and next door neighbor Crissy who is always an eye view away from Louis's balcony. Meanwhile Bernard is working for Johnny the Jewish "Authentic" Mexican restaurant owner handing out promotional flyers and flirting with random attractive men. On a daily basis Bernard comes over to Louis's apartment to drop off groceries where occasionally he finds Gretchen living off his brother who is indirectly living off of what Bernard provides which only infuriates him more. With the constant feuding of the two brothers lying at the heart of their mothers passing the Jewish guilt ultimately keeps them bonded as brothers. An uptight domineering brother works hard to take care of himself and his ungrateful twin brother. Using the passing of their mother and the old fashion method Jewish guilt they find ways to manipulate each other into helping one another. Bernard and Louis are complete opposites and view the world through different eyes. A typical day in the conflicting lives of the twins which one works and the other makes excuses and lusts after Bernard's confidant and next door neighbor Crissy who is always an eye view away from Louis's balcony. Meanwhile Bernard is working for Johnny the Jewish "Authentic" Mexican restaurant owner handing out promotional fliers and flirting with random attractive men. On a daily basis Bernard comes over to Louis's apartment to drop off groceries where occasionally he finds Gretchen living off his brother who is indirectly living off of what Bernard provides which only infuriates him more. With the constant feuding of the two brothers lying at the heart of their mothers passing the Jewish guilt ultimately keeps them bonded as brothers.