Des and Terri Tunkley are a happily married but struggling couple about to take the big plunge and buy into the Great Australian Dream. Falling under the spell of a television advertisement extolling the joys of home ownership Terri cajoles Des into making their first big financial commitment. At first Des is none too enthusiastic about leaving their carefree downwardly mobile lifestyle in a caravan park by the sea and neither is their young son Jack (Jack Ellis). The good life is for Des is embodied in his beloved as-yet-as-to-be-restored motorboat. Here then lies a basis for conflict between Terri's desire for the domestic comforts of a 'real' home and Des' dream of sailing away to the West Indies. Undeterred by her husband's initial reluctance Terri calls on Austral Finance for a housing loan. Now more determined than ever to realise her dream Terri becomes frustrated by Des' lack of interest. When things finally come to a head between them one rainy afternoon. Des relents and sells his boat to raise the loan deposit. Immediately the family packs up and sets off her their brand new home in a far-flung housing estate on the city's fringe. Not long after they settle into their new life things begin to go awry: not only are their only neighbours dreadful nerds but Des and Terri are also forced to work interminable hours to meet the repayments. Worse still their 'dream' home turns out to be a complete lemon. These unforeseen difficulties begin to take their toll and when Des loses his license and they are served with an eviction notice their happy marriage is threatened. But just as things appear to hit rock bottom Des goaded on by his wife's accusation that he never completes anything he starts labours day and night on a backyard barbecue to prove her wrong. When friends and finally drop over and marvel at Des's masterpiece Sam Tregado (Max Phipps) the shonky developer who sold the Tunkleys their jerry-built house arrives unannounced with some prospective buyers and receives a less-than-welcome reception from Terri. The young couple eventually settle their differences and agree to quit the suburban life just in time to see their house collapse into a pile of rubble. Soon afterwards Des goes on to become a successful entrepreneur of custom-built barbecues and in the Tunkley family sets off with their new caravan in tow on the endless holiday.