A young neurosurgeon (Gene Wilder) inherits the castle of his grandfather the famous Dr. Victor von Frankenstein. In the castle he finds a funny hunchback called Igor a pretty lab assistant named Inga and the old housekeeper frau Blucher -iiiiihhh!-. Young Frankenstein believes that the work of his grandfather is only crap but when he discovers the book where the mad doctor described his reanimation experiment he suddenly changes his mind... As a respected researcher and physician Dr. Frederick Frankenstein the grandson of the more famous Dr. Victor Frankenstein who did experiments on bringing back the dead tries to disassociate himself from his more famous relative even to the point of pronouncing their surname differently. Regardless Frederick is drawn back to the small Transylvannian town and castle where Victor conducted his experiments he leaving behind his somewhat standoffish and "untouchable" fiancée Elizabeth back in the US. He also slowly begins to get drawn into the research that his grandfather conducted he eventually learns not by accident. As Frederick tries to reanimate his dead subject with the help of his hunchbacked aide Igor and his beautiful assistant Inga rumors abound in the town of what he is doing they who have been trying to disassociate themselves from the work of the former Dr. Frankenstein generations ago. Inspector Kemp is tasked with stopping any work if it is indeed happening. All these issues collide as Frederick and team try to hide their work from the Inspector while hitting some technical roadblocks and as Elizabeth comes to Transylvannia and accidentally gets caught up in the experiment. Insisting on having nothing to do with his ancestor the infamous mad scientist Dr Victor Frankenstein his lecturing brain surgeon grandson Dr Frederick Frankenstein (pronounced Fran-ken-shteen) returns to Transylvania after inheriting the ancestral castle. There the good Dr Frederick after the unexpected discovery of his grandfather's secret lab and his personal journals on the reanimation of the dead he will be inspired to continue where his grandpa left off with the help of the loyal hunchback servant Igor and the pretty laboratory assistant Inga. Now all that's left to do to fulfil his destiny is to find a fresh cadaver a fine human brain and above all a mighty bolt of lightning. The grandson of Victor Frankenstein is a teaching surgeon who has spent his life living down the legend of his grandfather even changing the pronunciation of his name. When the diary of his grandfather is brought to him he takes a leave of absence to examine the family castle. Then things get a little silly. Due to a switch he implants an abnormal brain in his creation which causes problems but things really get out of hand when the young Frankenstein's bride to be shows up at the castle. The whole film is shot in Black and white to simulate the old monster movie feeling. When the will of Victor Frankenstein the famous scientist who attempted to reanimate dead bodies is opened his grandson Frederick who's become a skilled neurosurgeon and teacher and has cut most ties with his family name due to his grandfather's experiments is given the castle where all the experiments were made. Upon his arrival Frederick finds and reads through his grandfather's book about his theories and experiments and discovers that they might in fact work. Assisted by Igor the grandson of the Igor who assisted Victor Frankenstein and Inga an attractive lab assistant he successfully reanimates a body which soon escapes and creates havoc...