A film made for Italian television. A series of eight episodes put together in which Lando Buzzanca plays a variety of weird characters. Episode 1: Il Salvatore (The Saviour) A reporter tries to stop a man from killing himself only to get the TV crew's attention. Episode 2: La Voce Del Sangue (The Blood Voice) An engineer tries to get his wife to act as a prostitute to satisfy His Excellency only to find out his "daughter" has been sent in her place. Episode 3: Il Fachiro (The Fakir) A fakir is forced to accomplish excessively terrible deeds in order to satisfy the public and he is then exploited by his own family. Episode 4: Una Bella Famiglia (A Nice Family) A father of two children lives in luxury thanks to the illegal activities of his wife (IE: A prostitute). Episode 5: Il Caso Apposito (The Apposito Case) The head of a major corporation is accused of nepotism and is forced to corrupt the visiting inspectors and the only surviving rival is forced to kill himself in order to restore the corporation's reputation. Episode 6: Il Cincillá (The Fur Coat) A two-part story in which the manager of a battery hen facility is forced to pay for his son's purchases. His son purchases posh clothes for his girlfriend including a fur coat. Part 1 focuses on their relationship whereas Part 2 revolves around the son being forced to choose between the girl he loves or his inheritance. The father tries to seduce his son's lover but fails. Episode 7: Il Chirurgo (The Hypnotic Surgeon) A hypnotic surgeon attempts to perform surgery on a man who has made a false accusation against him. Episode 8: Processo A Porte Chiuse (Trial Behind Closed Doors) A simple-minded farmer is accused of incest after supposedly impregnating his three sisters. Although the future looks particularly bleak for him he succeeds spectacularly in persuading the court to side with him and therefore the sisters get life in prison for character defamation whereas the farmer is released and takes the opportunity to get his own back on his annoying lawyer.