Harry and Lloyd are two good friends who happen to be really stupid. The duo set out on a cross country trip from Providence to Aspen Colorado to return a briefcase full of money to its rightful owner a beautiful woman named Mary Swanson. After a trip of one mishap after another the duo eventually make it to Aspen. But the two soon realize that Mary and her briefcase are the least of their problems. Lloyd Christmas is a limo driver who's a few beers short of a six pack. His equally clueless roommate Harry Dunn is an operator for a mobile pet grooming service called "Mutt Cutts". One day Lloyd is assigned to pick up a wealthy customer for a ride to the airport. He believes this customer - named Mary Swanson - is the most beautiful woman he's ever seen. Little does Lloyd know that Mary is the victim of an elaborate kidnapping and extortion plot and that the trip to the airport was supposed to be the payoff to release her kidnapped husband. Lloyd grabs the briefcase and that sets off a chain of events that see him and Harry going to Aspen Colorado hell bent on delivering the briefcase to Mary. But along the way they meet nearly every seedy and shady character involved in the conspiracy. But Lloyd doesn't know that the briefcase he's set on delivering to Mary contains nearly $5 million in cash. And his friendship with Harry is tested at every stop along the way will they make it to Aspen and live the high life? Or face the wrath of the kidnappers and the FBI? Lloyd and Harry are two lovable and friendly but very stupid friends who struggle with every aspect of life. Working as a limo driver Lloyd drops off the beautiful Mary at the airport and instantly falls in love with her. Watching Mary through a window Lloyd witnesses her leave her case behind. Grabbing her case Lloyd is too late but soon thinks of the next best thing. Dragging Harry with him Lloyd heads off to Aspen to deliver the case to her personally. However Mary isn't the only person after the case as a pair of criminals are after the same case. Lloyd Christmas is a loser limo driver who tries to return a suitcase which contains a lot of money to its owner a beautiful woman named Mary Swanson who he took in his limo to the airport earlier. He must give her back the suitcase and for that he goes with his dumb partner Harry Dunne to a snowy town named Aspen. But a pair of criminals who wants the money try to follow them and to steal the money in the suitcase. Moreover Harry and Lloyd both fall in love with Mary and they struggle each other to win her heart.