As an idle good-natured bachelor Uncle Buck is the last person you would think of to watch the kids. However during a family crisis he is suddenly left in charge of his nephew and nieces. Unaccustomed to suburban life fun-loving Uncle Buck soon charms his younger relatives Miles and Maizy with his hefty cooking and his new way of doing the laundry. His carefree style does not impress everyone though - especially his rebellious teenage niece Tia and his impatient girlfriend Chanice. With a little bit of luck and a lot of love Uncle Buck manages to surprise everyone in this heartwarming family comedy. Bob and Cindy Russell have a dilemma: Cindy's father who lives far away is sick and they need to go see him. However who will look after their three children for the several days while they are away? Out of desperation they turn to someone whom they have grave reservations about in terms of his suitability for the job Bob's single layabout brother Buck. Uncle Buck has a reputation for being unreliable and a bit of a house wrecker. It is therefore with reluctance his sister-in-law agrees to leave Buck looking after the kids (two harmless youngsters and a rebelious teenager) when she visits her sick father. Buck Russell is not the most reliable and trustworthy person around and when Cindy Russell (his sister in law) and Bob Russell (his brother) use him as a last resort to babysit their children Miles Maizy and Tia (who is a rebellious 16 year old) Buck agrees to fill in while Cindy and Bob go to Indianapolis to visit Cindy's ill father. While over at the house Buck does his usual routines including going to smoky bowling alleys and smoking cigars. Yet the longer and longer he is around with Miles and Maizy and the more he witnesses Tia slowly get seduced by her boyfriend Bug Buck learns responsibility and more to life than just being an eligible bachelor and having fun. Bob Russel his wife Cindy Russel and their three kids 8-year-old Miles 6-year old Maizy and 15-year-old Tia recently moved from Indianapolis to Chicago and Tia resents Bob and Cindy for it because Tia Miles and Maizy were perfectly happy living in Indianapolis. Bob and Cindy are in bed one night when Cindy's aunt calls and tells them that Cindy's father has had a heart attack. Bob and Cindy immediately make plans to go to Indianapolis to visit Cindy's father. After hearing this Tia angrily tells Cindy that Tia would have a heart attack too if her family moved away from her then Tia slams her bedroom door in Cindy's face. With Cindy and Bob going to Indianapolis the problem is who the babysitter will be. Even though Cindy doesn't like the idea they choose Bob's brother Buck to babysit Tia Miles and Maizy. Cindy doesn't like Buck because she thinks Buck is a sloppy person who doesn't know how to do anything. While Cindy and Bob are in Indianapolis Buck takes over the house and Buck tries to do the best he can with the kids while he's having problems with Chanice Kobolowski who has been his girlfriend for the past 8 years. Buck bonds with Miles and Maizy and wins their love but Buck has problems with Tia as he tries to protect Tia from her boyfriend Bug because unknown to Tia Bug only wants Tia for one reason sex.