Les doesn't have a driving license yet but to impress his gorgeous date Mercedes he borrows his grandpa's Cadillac for a night out... and has to witness the poor car going through more and more intense maltreatments. The sixteen year-old Les Anderson has a crush on his schoolmate Mercedes Lane but he is shy and she has a boyfriend Paolo who has a fancy car. Les and his twin sister Natalie Anderson are preparing to the driving test and while Natalie studies the questions he does not pay attention to them. Les fails the test but is not brave enough to tell neither to his father Mr. Anderson nor to his pregnant mother Mrs. Andersonand his best friends Dean and the clumsy Charles. When Mercedes has an argument with Paolo she invites Les to date her to make Paolo jealous. Meanwhile Les' parents discover that he has flunked his driver's test and they ground him. However when Mercedes calls him asking if they are not going to date Les sneaks away from his house and drives his grandfather's Cadillac that is parked in the garage to date Mercedes in the beginning of a nightmarish night of adventures. Les Anderson (Corey Haim) is about to take his driving test. He has a few things planned based on the presumption that he will pass. Not least is a date with the girl of his dreams Mercedes Lane (Heather Graham). Then he fails and his plans are shattered. He doesn't tell anyone that he has failed though and goes ahead with the date with Mercedes. Key to his night out is taking his grandfather's prized 16-year old low-mileage Cadillac left in the care of his father. The car and his attempts to keep it unharmed are the source of many adventures that night. However his friend Dean (Corey Feldman) is the number 1 source egging him on. Les is a teenager attempting to learn how to drive as well as catch the eye of a popular girl. He is able to secure a date with the girl Mercedes and it is assumed he will drive. But he doesn't have his license yet. When it comes time for his driving test he fails. He doesn't want to risk the chance at going out with Mercedes so he decides to go anyway. Not only does he disobey his parents by going in the first place but he takes his grandfather's prized possession - his Cadillac. Will he get through the night without wrecking the car and get away with sneaking out or will his plan collapse? 'An innocent girl. A harmless drive. What could possibly go wrong?' For sixteen year old Les Anderson plenty can go wrong when you have a night like his. He's an adolescent American with dreams of getting his hands on his first driver's license so he can hit the town cruising with his friends Dean and Charles but ultimately to impress the girl of his dreams Mercedes Lane. Unfortunately for Les his worst nightmare hits home hard when he fails his driving exam and his parents put him on probation for trying to hide the truth so now his chances of being able to drive are squashed badly. However Mercedes who has just broken up with her old boyfriend who's a rich snob is bored and wants to keep the date that she promised with Les and the youngster's heart skips a beat when she calls him up asking to go out for a night on the town. Les knows he's risking big-time punishment but he decides that if he's gonna go down he may as well have some fun with the girl of his dreams. When he takes his grandfather's prized Cadillac on his date with Mercedes hilarity ensues with him his friends Dean and Charles and his drunken date as they do all they can to get the Caddy home in one piece as comical disaster roars down the fast lane.