Danny Rose is a manager of artists and although he's not very successful he nevertheless goes out of his way to help his acts. So when Lou Canova a singer who has a chance of making a come-back asks Danny to help him with a problem Danny helps him. This problem is Lou's mistress Tina. Lou wants Tina to be at his concerts otherwise he can't perform but he's married so Danny has to take her along as if she was his girlfriend. Danny however gets more than he has bargained for when two mobsters come looking for the guy who has hurt their brother by stealing the heart of Tina the girl he loves. At the Carnegie Deli in New York City a group of comics are kvetching about their common professional lives. One of the more interesting topics of conversation centers on theatrical manager (aka talent agent) Danny Rose who represents those who can't get better agents but who has always been committed to his clients. They talk most specifically about a rumored incident that took place approximately ten years ago when Danny's most famous client was washed-up lounge singer Lou Canova who had some minor fame in the 1950s and who was trying to make a comeback during an era when lounge singers were mostly seen as being hack performers. Despite being married with children Lou was having an affair with brash blonde Tina Vitale who Lou wanted at one of his performances. As such Danny agreed to be a beard in being Tina's date. What Danny did not know was that Tina had casual mob ties including her ex-husband being entrenched within the organization. Through no fault of Danny's own besides protecting his client Lou Danny became the target of the mob. Danny Rose (played by Woody Allen) is a theatrical agent. He has a wide and often odd assortment of clients but will do anything for them. One of his clients Lou Canova (Nick Apollo Forte) - a washed up crooner from the 50s who is undergoing a resurgence asks Danny to accompany his mistress Tina (Mia Farrow) to one of his concerts - her presence helps him perform. Danny naturally obliges. However Tina is also seeing a mob boss and when Danny is seen with her the mob boss assumes Tina is two-timing him with Danny. This results in Danny and Tina being hunted by the mob. Adventures and hilarity ensue.