Faber College has one frat house so disreputable it will take anyone. It has a second one full of white anglo-saxon rich young men who are so sanctimonious no one can stand them except Dean Wormer. The dean enlists the help of the second frat to get the boys of Delta House off campus. The dean's plan comes into play just before the homecoming parade to end all parades for all time. Delta Tau Chi fraternity at Faber College is the bane of Dean Vernon Wormer's existence. It's members don't attend class are the source of endless pranks on campus and have broken every rule imaginable. As a group they have a negligible GPA and their main reason for living is to party. When Wormer finally finds a way to expel them all the men of Delta Tau Chi decide to give the college a homecoming parade they will never forget. Delta Tau Chi is the most anarchic fraternity on the Faber College campus. Its students have the worst grades and the fraternity is often a source of embarrassment to the college. Egged on by a rival fraternity Dean Vernon Wormer is determined to shut them down. All he needs is an excuse. 1962. Friends and roommates Larry Kroger and Kent Dorfman having just entered their freshman year at Faber College are looking to join a fraternity. Being part of the "out" crowd (as they are referred by one "it" girl as a wimp and a blimp respectively) they are only accepted by Delta Tau Chi arguably the worst fraternity on campus and Kent only because he is a legacy. Despite Robert Hoover being the chapter president its leader is Eric Stratton - "Otter" - the ladies man of the group. Otter has as his 2IC Donald Schoenstein - "Boon" - whose supportive girlfriend Katy doesn't much like the fact of Boon Otter and the others' idea of a good time being to get constantly drunk. At the bottom of the Delta barrel is John Blutarsky - "Bluto" - the chief troublemaker with a 0.0 GPA. Within the Delta environment Larry and Kent - renamed "Pinto" and "Flounder" respectively by the fraternity - blossom socially as much as they can by being accepted for who they are but end up being sucked into the goings-on for good or bad of their fraternity brothers. The college's dean Vernon Wormer with the help of the stuck up members of Omega Theta Pi led by preppy Greg Marmalard has vowed to find some way to revoke Delta's charter and expel its members for what seems to be their joy at and singular goal of disrupting life on campus in any way they can. Their general battles take on personal undertones with the involvement of a few women: Mandy Pepperidge Greg's girlfriend who isn't as innocent as she likes to appear; southern belle Babs Jansen Mandy's sorority sister who is in love with Greg and thus will willingly throw Mandy under the proverbial bus to get into Greg's heart and pants; and Marion Wormer the Dean's bored wife. Throughout the battle the ultimate question becomes which side will have the final move to trump all others. Without a doubt the raunchiest and most riotous fraternity at Faber College is by far the Delta Tau Chi House where guys like Otter Boone Hoover D-Day and Bluto fight for their right to party. Between secret initiation rites and no-holds-barred toga parties the perpetual Delta students have simply no intention of leaving this idyllic place on earth nevertheless the snotty Omegas and Dean Vernon Wormer are about to end the party putting the Deltas on probation. Of course when the Dean who secretly wants to expel the boys once and for all succeeds all hell will break loose in an outrageous grand finale full of chaos explosions and above all justice.