Sixty-five-year old Oma is a widow. Her over-caring daughter Marie has just sold Oma's house and is about to relocate her to the all-perfect "Sunshine Home". Oma is horrified and finally decides to live out her dream of getting the blessing from the Bavarian Pope. She hops onto a flight to Rome and knocks on the door of Martina her granddaughter who works as a nanny to a strict Catholic family. Or so everyone thought. Oma quickly faces many surprises: Martina lives with her boyfriend Silvio a tattoo artist and rocker; her priest's letter granting access to a blessing won't work; a German restaurant serves food no one should ever call German; and a blind man she helps Lorenzo isn't actually blind. Feeling disoriented Oma begins a journey that will make her dreams expected and unexpected come true. The fate of Grandma Marguerita is sealed. After the passing of her beloved husband she is expected to ride off into the sunset or in this particular case into the Sunshine Retirement Home. But before being banished to the realm of walker-pushing oldsters Marguerita wants to go to Rome and obtain the Pope's absolution for her sins. And if no one will go with her she'll go alone! Her first stop in Rome is granddaughter Martina's place. Her family thinks that Martina is working as an au-pair for a strict Catholic family; in reality she's living with hard-rock musician Silvio in a run-down flat plastered with obscene graffiti and working nights as a bartender in a rocker joint. Not surprisingly she kissed her virginity goodbye a long time ago. There are many obstacles on the road to salvation including disabling the Pope with pepper spray... Luckily Marguerita meets a charming con man Lorenzo who saves her from the Vatican dungeons and begins to fall for her. Disaster strikes again however when her high-strung daughter Marie arrives in Rome to find her mother in love with a con man her daughter grown up and both determined to stay in the Eternal City. And when Marguerita finally tells Marie her big secret Marie starts to understand why her mother wants a papal blessing so badly...