It's Christmas time and the Griswolds are preparing for a family seasonal celebration but things never run smoothly for Clark his wife Ellen and their two kids. Clark's continual bad luck is worsened by his obnoxious family guests but he manages to keep going knowing that his Christmas bonus is due soon. Clark Wilhelm Griswold had some disastrous vacations at both Wallyworld and in Europe. Now he wants to compensate for this by having a special "Griswold Family Christmas" and after months of careful planning he invites both of his parents both of his wife Ellen's parents even his uncle Louis and his senile aunt Bethany. However what Clark does not realize that his no-manner cousin-in law Eddie was coming over in his new trailer. Clark even prepares his house for Christmas with over 20000 lights and a tree that does not even fit in the living room. As Christmas eve comes Clark will soon realize that a series of unfortunate events will start to unravel for him as the Christmas Turkey would burst and have no meat his aunt's cat would chew on the lights and his uncle Louis will burn up his tree and he will even soon discover that his boss have cut the Christmas bonus to give him a month in the jelly club can Clark keep it together and understand the true meaning of Christmas? Chicago resident Clark Wilhelm Griswold Jr has REALLY got the Christmas spirit this year and his wife Ellen son Rusty and daughter Audrey have noticed it. Clark has invited Ellen's parents Arthur Smith and Francis Smith his own parents Clark Wilhelm Griswold Sr and Nora Griswold and his Aunt Bethany and Uncle Lewis to spend the holidays at the Griswold house in Chicago. Clark is obsessed with making everything go perfectly during the holiday season but as soon as everyone arrives things start going haywire especially when the Griswolds receive some uninvited surprise guests from Kansas -- cousin Catherine her sloppy husband Eddie and two of their kids Rocky and Ruby Sue. Clark decorates the outside of the house with 250 strands of lights with 100 bulbs on each strand for a total of 25000 light bulbs enough to make the power company turn on their auxiliary nuclear generator. Clark also annoys his snobby next door neighbors -- Todd Chester and his wife Margo. Even with his bumbling ways Clark manages to keep things going as he waits for his Christmas bonus from work so he'll have enough money to have a swimming pool put in the back yard. But it turns out that Clark's boss a scrooge whose name is Frank Shirley does not intend to give out any Christmas bonuses this year and this causes Clark to snap and act crazy. This situation gives Eddie the idea for the perfect Christmas gift for Clark after Clark offers to help Eddie treat Rocky and Ruby Sue to a good Christmas. Can Eddie help Clark and the family have a great Christmas? It's Christmas time - Clark decided to invite all the family to have 'the most fun-filled old-fashioned family Christmas' which nobody shall ever forget. When the first relatives arrive Clark soon flees on the roof to rig the lighting. The one thing the loving father wants to surprise the whole family with is the installation of a pool which he already ordered. Unfortunately the bonus check Clark expects any minute is overdue - and tempers rise but not only because of the check. A big event is the arrival of uninvited cousin Eddie with his family in their mobile home as well as a little sledding afternoon with a new lubricant from Clark's company or his shifting relationship with the very hip and clean neighbours. Cousin Eddie chooses to top off all presents with his very own special creation only intending to deliver a real reason to be jolly. This year Clark Griswold is really into Christmas and promises his family the best Christmas ever. However instead of the best Christmas ever Clark turns Christmas evening completely around causing a domino effect of disasters that eventually seems to drive everyone crazy.