Loveless jobless possibly terminally ill Frank has had enough of the downward spiral of America. With nothing left to lose Frank takes his gun and offs the stupidest cruelest and most repellent members of society. He finds an unusual accomplice: 16-year-old Roxy who shares his sense of rage and disenfranchisement. The plot revolves around the monotonous life of Frank a man who has simply had enough of stupid cruel and repellent members of society and therefore decides to kill a few (28). As he mercilessly exacts his first murder a young teenage girl Roxy witnesses and decides to tag along. Together they go on a killing spree to rid society of anyone they find of no "real" use. Divorced Frank Murdoch is dismayed by the state of American culture where being mean and/or inconsiderate are often valued and rewarded as shown by the plethora of reality television stars who are given their own highly paid public and celebrated forums to act this way. His own act of what he considers kindness does not result in what he expects. Although he loves his adolescent daughter Ava she often throws tantrums which are supported by the way Frank's ex-wife treats her. On top of everything he suffers from insomnia and migraine headaches which are exacerbated by the actions of his inconsiderate neighbors. When he receives a terminal brain tumor diagnosis which is the probable cause of the headaches and insomnia he decides to kill one of the people who he feels contributes to this cultural decline before he takes his own life. But following that murder he meets high school student Roxy Harmon a product of an unloving home life she who convinces Frank to continue his murdering ways with her as his partner. Unlike Frank who wants to remain anonymous while the world knows why these people were murdered Roxy wants to kill anyone whose beliefs she does not agree with and wants the notoriety from the killings. The question becomes how long this odd couple can survive together with their slightly divergent reasons for doing what they're doing.