The Sardou play begins with this girl's life as the young wife of a man nearing forty kind enough to his bride but more or less absorbed in his serious work. She has dreamed of romantic love intoxicating adventure and tumultuous passions only to find none of these things in retirement with a good husband. She decided that her existence has been wrecked and ruined and gets it into her foolish head that the only remedy is a divorce. There is a lover handy her husband's cousin Adhemar French in his ambition to have an "affair" with some charming married woman and equally French in his thrift; he is a poor young man in no situation to marry any such extravagant young lady. The clear-headed husband enters into a little conspiracy with some friends to let his bored young wife have her own way ostensibly yielding to her wishes and he even makes things as easy and comfortable as possible for the unsuspecting lover inviting him to the house and announcing that he has even provided for his wife's future by settling a large sum of money upon her. She sees that this settlement has weight with the lover and begins to falter but she goes on determinedly with what gradually loses all the charm of forbidden fruit. Her relations with Adhemar become more and more commonplace at a time when she begins to realize her husband's magnanimity. He has denied her nothing and he gives Adhemar full permission to marry her as soon as the divorce is granted. Meanwhile she begins to be distressed by the fact that her husband seems to be enjoying himself staying out late at night and suspects that he has an "affair" with some woman "not worthy" of him. She revolts when he announces he has a dinner engagement urges him to break it and have a little celebration with her and Adhemar finally deciding to leave Adhemar out altogether. It would be such a lark to steal away from him and have dinner in a private room with her husband so compromising. Adhemar learns of the infidelity of his wife-to-be and goes in search of her in a rainstorm. He is drenched when he finds the restaurant where she is dining alone with her husband in a private room contrary to what he conceives to be the rights of a husband-to-be and he is so indignant that he seeks the protection of a Commissary of police as a safeguard for his future marital rights. The situation now becomes ludicrous in the extreme and it ends with restored sanity for the young wife and a complete reconciliation with her husband.