The Ryan sisters - Beth Julia and Audrey - are best friends strong willed and controlling women who want things their own way and business partners of their own event planning company called Celebrations which specializes in weddings. Oldest sister Beth wants to be a role model to her four year old daughter Sara as a woman who can have it all. Babies number 2 and 3 are on their way while Beth's husband Sam a custom furniture builder is the stay-at-home dad to Sara. While Beth and Sam love each other Beth doesn't like Sam's bribing of Sara to get her to do what they want. Beth also wants Sam to look for more steady work on top of what he may build for himself. Audrey the youngest is the commitment phobic sister. That's why she doesn't want to tell her sisters that she is seeing Zach the young guy they've just hired as their assistant. In the middle is Julia who is marrying web designer Jim who she has long considered her touchstone as she's gone through the ups and downs in her life including dating other men. Although Julia and Jim love each other the wedding doesn't come off quite as planned as Jim calls off the marriage while standing at the altar he believing that their differences will eventually lead to them breaking up much like his parents. Their main difference is that Julia doesn't seem to understand Jim's wanderlust she always shooting him down when he suggests traveling to satisfy his needs to see things. Being left at the altar affects Julia's psyche as she doesn't want to see Jim despite he stating that he still wants to be with her yet she can't move onto seeing other men even on a casual basis and as her almost marriage affects how she handles herself at work especially with clients. Julia's behavior also affects her relationship with her sisters. What happens with the relationships of each of the sisters but most particularly Julia is affected by dealing with one of their couple clients who have to get married in less than a month out of circumstance.