In Săo Paulo the incorruptible drug enforcement detectives Tom and Nil are investigating the deaths of call girls. Their boss Dudăo is pressed by the secretary of Public Security to solve the case. Tom is in love with his girlfriend Natália and he goes with Nil to talk with madam Lili that runs a call-girl business. She points out the name of her client Roque to the detectives. Then they meet the informer Tigrăo that tells that the drug dealer Carlăo might be involved in the case. Meanwhile the trafficker Suzana who is the wife of the Bolivian drug lord Hernandes brings a load of cocaine by train and is welcomed at the station by the gangsters Marcos and Roque. Their driver Satŕ brings the trio to meet the chief Branca. Then they go to the house of the head of the organization Senador and they are introduced to his daughter Rose and her fiancé Flávio. On the next morning Suzana goes with Branca's lover Beto to have sex with him but they are surprised by Branca and Satŕ that executes Suzana. Then they dump her body in a river. The investigation of Tom and Nil affects the operations of the Senador and he uses his political knowledge to drop the agents from the case. But Tom and Nil insist to investigate and Sată kills Tom. Now Nil seeks revenge and her meets Hernandes to make a deal since the enemy of his enemy is his friend. In Săo Paulo the incorruptible drug enforcement detectives Tom and Nil are investigating the deaths of call girls. Their boss Dudăo is pressed by the secretary of Public Security to solve the case. Tom is in love with his girlfriend Natália and he goes with Nil to talk with madam Lili that runs a call-girl business. She points out the name of her client Roque to the detectives. Then they meet the informer Tigrăo that tells that the drug dealer Carlăo might be involved in the case. Meanwhile the trafficker Suzana who is the wife of the Bolivian drug lord Hernandes brings a load of cocaine by train and is welcomed at the station by the gangsters Marcos and Roque. Their driver Sată brings the trio to meet the chief Branca. Then they go to the house of the head of the organization Senador and they are introduced to his daughter Rose and her fiancé Flávio. On the next morning Suzana goes with Branca's lover Beto to have sex with him but they are surprised by Branca and Sată that executes Suzana. Then they dump her body in a river. The investigation of Tom and Nil affects the operations of the Senador and he uses his political knowledge to drop the agents from the case. But Tom and Nil insist to investigate and Sată kills Tom. Now Nil seeks revenge and her meets Hernandes to make a deal since the enemy of his enemy is his friend. In Săo Paulo the incorruptible drug enforcement detectives Tom and Nil are investigating the deaths of call girls. Their boss Dudăo is pressed by the secretary of Public Security to solve the case. Tom is in love with his girlfriend Natália and he goes with Nil to talk with madam Lili that runs a call-girl business. She points out the name of her client Roque to the detectives. Then they meet the informer Tigrăo that tells that the drug dealer Carlăo might be involved in the case. Meanwhile the trafficker Suzana who is the wife of the Bolivian drug lord Hernandes brings a load of cocaine by train and is welcomed at the station by the gangsters Marcos and Roque. Their driver Sată brings the trio to meet the chief Branca. Then they go to the house of the head of the organization Senador and they are introduced to his daughter Rose and her fiancé Flávio. On the next morning Suzana goes with Branca's lover Beto to have sex with him but they are surprised by Branca and Sată that executes Suzana. Then they dump her body in a river. The investigation of Tom and Nil affects the operations of the Senador and he uses his political knowledge to drop the agents from the case. But Tom and Nil insist to investigate and Sată kills Tom. Now Nil seeks revenge and he meets Hernandes to make a deal since the enemy of his enemy is his friend.