Trouble in Paradise" is a crime thriller set in old Havana during the 1950s. The saga plunges deeply into the high octane brew of criminals and political intrigue bringing alive the lust for gambling and the quest for power. Meyer Lansky Cuba's gambling czar pursues his dream remaking Havana into the world's premier tourist destination. Meyer plans "The Grand Havana" from a most unlikely spot... the Saratoga County jail. Serving a ninety day sentence for a minor gambling violation he makes the best of a bad situation. At a high cost to Meyer his jail cell is a customized suite with telephone and all the amenities. Taking over the reins in Havana Meyer begins developing the world's most lavish gambling mecca. But he faces a worthy adversary in Santo Trafficante former gambling czar ousted for running crooked casinos that kept the high-rollers away. Meyer looks at Santo with disdain a common criminal in a thousand dollar suit and himself as a renaissance man without peer in the world of organized crime. Meanwhile rogue FBI Agent Sean O'Brien harbors a personal vendetta against Meyer pursuing him with a vengeance from New York to Havana. He vows to nail Meyer Lansky at any cost. Meyer needs the financial support of men who understand the casino business... He summons an elite group of Mafia Dons from the hubs of organized crime: New York Cleveland Chicago and Las Vegas. But the Vegas mob bosses feel Meyer's Havana dream will cut into their gambling revenues... So there's trouble in paradise. When the threats and bullets start flying Meyer calls on an ex-CIA operative known for his creativity. Trained in undercover assaults his elusiveness makes him the ultimate weapon against Santo. Meyer survives two attempted hits and sends his family to Miami for safety. Then begins a deadly game of cat and mouse. As the tension mounts Meyer falls for a beautiful Cuban National. His passion for her grows as his enemies draw closer. President Batista remains Meyer's only link to political protection but his regime is on the verge of collapse. If Havana falls Meyer's dream crumbles with it.