TIME: End of 60s beginning of the 70's - Gary Gale is a young looking Vietnam Vet with severe PTSD who returns home to Chicago where he is made a Deputy Sheriff. He finds himself ensnared within the Chicago Political Machine and ultimately becomes a body guard confidant and protector of the powerful political treasurer Richard O'Reilly who happens to be gay and married to another man - a political death sentence. The baby-faced deputy turns into a hardcore enforcer when the treasurer is repeatedly marked for extortion. Roy the treasurer's marriage partner opens a business and goes through all the treasurer's money. In desperation the treasurer turns to Chicago Outfit Bankers to help fund the failing enterprise. Richard O'Reilly is now owned by the Outfit and it feels far more comfortable letting the young Deputy 'in charge' to collect their monies. Gary becomes the man with the broad shoulders who can make 'anything' happen in a city that really works. Not only is this 'kid' a magnet for women men drugs and violence he is also a target for law enforcement and would be mob/ political associates that are maniacally jealous of his power in a city that politically rules the country. Based on a true story: End of 60s beginning of the 70s - Gary Gale is a young looking Vietnam Vet with severe PTSD who returns home to Chicago where he is made a Deputy Sheriff. He finds himself ensnared within the Chicago Political Machine and ultimately becomes a body guard confidant and protector of the powerful political treasurer Richard O'Reilly who happens to be gay and married to another man - a political death sentence. The baby-faced deputy turns into a hardcore enforcer when the treasurer is repeatedly marked for extortion. Roy the treasurer's marriage partner opens a business and goes through all the treasurer's money. In desperation the treasurer turns to Chicago Outfit Bankers to help fund the failing enterprise. Richard O'Reilly is now owned by the Outfit and it feels far more comfortable letting the young Deputy 'in charge' to collect their monies. Gary becomes the man with the broad shoulders who can make 'anything' happen in a city that really works. Not only is this 'kid' a magnet for women men drugs and violence he is also a target for law enforcement and would be mob/political associates that are maniacally jealous of his power in a city that politically rules the country.