Mr. Lockjaw is an American drama series created by Justin Craig and Byron Conrad Erwin. Set and produced in Atlanta Georgia Mr. Lockjaw is the story of Miles Brimley (Troy Halverson) a struggling children's entertainer who is dragged into the underworld of criminal interrogation and torture by his deranged dummy Mr. Lockjaw. Finding his hole dug deeper and deeper Miles has no choice but to give in to Mr. Lockjaw's increasingly dangerous desires. A glimmer of hope appears for him in Gwyneth a recovering drug addict who hopes that her childhood bond with Miles can help her escape painful memories. Miles and Lockjaw's situation is further complicated by the crumbling empire of their once powerful employer Hubaldus Hercolani; his number one in command Leonard Stanley; and a blackmailed police officer Bill Preslin. If that weren't enough to contend with Detective Schafley a by the book gumshoe is pulled into a murder case with Miles as the prime suspect... or should that be Mr. Lockjaw? There are two sides to every story and Mr. Lockjaw takes this literally. A children's entertainer by day ventriloquist Miles Brimley moonlights as an information extractor for the criminal world run by the infamous Herbaldus Hercolani. With a lead character reminiscent of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde the series takes viewers into a splintered world of a duplicitous characters struggling between the light and dark. More than just a crime drama it raises the ultimate human question: which side is really you? It is the story of a man surrounded by and involved in murder criminal activity and corruption but at the heart of it all he is seeking out the simple pleasures of life that most take for granted. His struggle is to survive his environment his enemies and most of all the demands of his alter-ego the larger-than-life puppet named Mr. Lockjaw. Filled with dry wit and glib satire the show is not a comedy per se but rather a dark spotlight that illuminates the ugliest side of our existence while still recognizing the innate humor of the concept. Mr. Lockjaw uses its just South of realism premise to open up twisted possibilities that couldn't be done on a more grounded show. The more ordinary characters stand in for the audience as observers of the increasingly pulpy interrogation methods of Mr. Lockjaw. Every episode delivers another water-cooler moment of bizarre deaths unforeseen twists and memorable quips that could only emerge from a deranged dummy's mouth. In a world of duality Mr. Lockjaw gleefully licks both sides of the double-edged sword.