When legendary Hollywood director Otto Preminger chose Michigan's rustic Upper Peninsula as the filming location for Anatomy of a Murder (1959) he not only changed the way movies would get made for decades to come he forever altered a Midwestern community. Anatomy of 'Anatomy' tells the story of how Marquette became the backdrop for an Oscar-nominated motion picture and how the lives of the locals it touched were never the same again. In 1959 larger-than-life director Otto Preminger made his way to a small town in Michigan's Upper Peninsula to direct a movie that was based on the writings of small-town fisherman and attorney John D. Voelker who went by the pen name John Traver. The movie carried the same title as Voelker's best selling novel Anatomy of a Murder. The film went on to receive seven Academy Award nominations including Best Picture. It has been described as one of the finest pure trial films ever made. Just as courtroom dramas would never be the same neither would the hamlet of Ishpeming. The documentary Anatomy of 'Anatomy' brings to life the memoir of Joan Hansen who was an inn hostess at the time Anatomy of a Murder was being made. Hansen was a friend and neighbor of the Voelker family and befriended many of the actors who took up residence at the Mather Inn during the filming. In fact she formed a special bond with Duke Ellington who in turn wrote a song for the movie based on Hansen's walk. He named the song Flirtbird. Hansen's writings not only detailed her personal knowledge of the author and her relationship with the actors they relayed the impact this film had on the small Michigan town. The movie's influence is still noticeable today. In the documentary Hansen's words are woven with a combination of old photographs and recollections from those who took part in the magical film making of this courtroom classic. Topics addressed in the film include Otto Preminger's infamous temper Ben Gazzara's flirty nature Jimmy Stewart's charm and ease Duke Ellington's generosity George C. Scott's fondness for a drink Eve Arden's tender nature and how leading actress and new mother Lee Remick juggled her professional and maternal roles. The groundbreaking film itself is also explored. The story based on a real courtroom case provides a clear window into what happens in the courtroom and continues to serve as the courtroom drama that all others are measured by. The dialog of the famous drama also altered the industry. Never before had film goers been exposed to sex and rape in such graphics terms. What's more Anatomy of a Murder made its mark on Hollywood by going outside of Hollywood. Shooting a film entirely on location was certainly not the norm in those days. Indeed Anatomy of a Murder has made a lasting impact on the movie industry and the locals of Ishpeming. Now the documentary Anatomy of 'Anatomy' enables everyone to go inside the making of the movie from the perspective of those who lived it.