Every year since 1992 the Arvika Festival has brought musical acts from all over the world to the small town of Arvika in Värmland Sweden. The festival is one of the most popular festivals in Europe blending playfully various genres as Goth New Wave Electronic Metal and many more. In 2002 the festival celebrated its tenth year and had more visitors than ever during the three-day open-air festival. A documentary team was on location to catch the hard work and sole put into and experiences gained from the Arvika Festival. Shot on DV through an observational viewpoint Festivalhjältar follows three youths Jimmy Jernberg Lisa Lundin and Arvid Bache Blix preparing and working for the festival. Live performances by bands such as Division of Laura Lee Pluxus Kingston Air Force Muse and many more add to the contrasts of working at the festival and visiting the festival. The cameras follow the lead characters six months before the gates open until the last visitor has left the guest-camping area the day after the festival has closed. The film portrays the characters as they stumble over obstacles and problems while the important deadline steadily approaches. Will Jimmy get the park owners to agree to his new contract and lease demands before the time runs out? Will Lisa manage to get the new camping area prepared before the almost ten thousand guests arrive? Will Arvid manage to secure the correct machinery for the performance artist he is responsible for? Along the way new problems arise and the elements try to put everything to a stand still. What happens when Mother Nature delivers the biggest hardest thunder and rainstorm for years the day before the festival is officially opened? How do you negotiate when the park officials decide to terminate the lease discussions a few days before the deadline? How do you please the Fire department when they say the camping is an unacceptable lethal fire hazard? These are a few of the many questions that arise during the film that studies the driving force behind these iron willed youths engagement for the perfect summer festival.