If you ask most people in the street today about the Hollywood legend Doris Day they will probably say "Is she still alive?" Yes she is! And she will be celebrating her 85th birthday this year. Doris Day is living in Carmel-by-the-sea a Californian resort with the charm of San Francisco and the glamor of Hollywood. Although she has not appeared in public for over thirty years Doris Day is considered to be a cultural icon of the 20th and 21st century: Her films are shown regularly on TV worldwide she still gets around 200 fan letters a week and she is selling more records than ever before. All over the world her songs are still known. This star has not come down from heaven but from the kitchen sink. Doris Day has written cinema history by simply playing the girl next door. So who is the Doris Day of today? We are unveiling answers from the past when we get to meet her actor and singer colleagues and friends: In Cincinnati New York Los Angeles and the German province. And the whole world is listening when radio station Magic 63 AM broadcasts a Doris Day Tribute programme on her birthday each year which includes live telephone calls with her and friends throughout the day. We were there last year too for her 84th birthday celebrations living in Hotel Day together with her most notorious fans - even if she cannot be there herself. The documentary will reflect the turbulent and successful life of Doris Day with footage of events in the USA in addition to extracts and trailers from some of her many feature films and stage and TV appearances photos and material from private archives in order to reveal and contrast the foibles and characteristics of her real life against the background of her screen and music life. After recording over 650 songs appearing in 39 feature films and appearing in 75 hours of television 'Doris Day (I)' (qv) retired a bona fide superstar. Since her retirement she has led an extremely private life in Carmel-by-the-Sea California with her multitude of animals and being a partner in a local hotel without feeling a need to accomplish anything else in the entertainment business despite probably still being able to do so at age 85 and despite legions of fans who would like to see her in show business again. Born Doris Mary Ann Kappelhoff in rather humble beginnings in 1922 Cincinnati Doris came by her musical talents naturally being the daughter of a choral director and musician. Although destined at an early age to become a dancer a car accident sustained at age 13 abruptly brought those dreams to an end. During that time she began to hone her singing craft being a songstress for which she is probably best known today. She made a name for herself as such especially with 'Les Brown (I)' (qv)'s band. Her singing career took a natural course into motion pictures especially in movie musicals. 'Michael Curtiz' (qv) the director of her first movie saw in her screen test what most movie goers love about her: her naturalness. Day herself is aware that her public persona is of the virginal girl next door which is in contrast to a somewhat turbulent private life which includes four marriages - some less than happy - bankruptcy and an association with the 'Charles Manson' (qv) murders at the home of her son 'Terry Melcher' (qv). In some respects her acting career took an appropriate end with the Vietnam War and Watergate eras bringing to the entertainment field more gritty movie portrayals not generally associated with the name Doris Day.