'Two Zions' focuses on the Zions of Jerusalem Israel and Axum Ethiopia. It describes the relationship between King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba that has connected two peoples and cultures through their religious observances from approximately 950 BC till today. The film relates the story of people from two seemingly disparate countries who share a bond originating in biblical time. In the Ethiopian Orthodox tradition the "Two Zions" refers to the original birthplaces of the world and humankind: in Axum and in Jerusalem. Through a strong belief in their historical legacy and in Zion Ethiopian Jews and Orthodox Christians continue to observe a parallel spiritual and cultural lifestyle. In documenting this unique bond the film introduces the shared legacy of two peoples and two faiths that has continued for more than 2500 years. The Queen of Sheba Foundation together with HQ Creative are proud to have created this special award-winning feature documentary . The documentary "Two Zions: The Living Legacy of the Queen of Sheba and King Solomon" tells the story of people from two seemingly disparate countries who share a bond originating in biblical time. The designation of Zion is a powerful symbol of freedom peace and unity for Jews and Ethiopian Orthodox Christians. During the synagogue services Jews face towards Zion in Jerusalem and recite the prayers for the rebuilding of the Holy Temple the restoration of the Temple service and the coming of the Messiah. In Ethiopian Orthodox tradition the "Two Zions" refers to the original birthplaces of the world and humankind; in Axum as well as in Jerusalem. According to the "Kebre Negast" narrative revered by the Ethiopian Church the glory of Zion was transferred from Jerusalem to Ethiopia in the time of King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba c. 950BC. Through a strong belief in their historical legacy and in Zion Ethiopian Jews and Orthodox Christians continue to observe a parallel spiritual and cultural lifestyle. By documenting this unique bond we are introducing our viewers to the shared legacy of two peoples and two faiths that have continued for more than 2500 years. This is a legacy that will continue to inspire until the glory of the "Two Zions" is restored by God.