A journey to define the true meaning of "Love" and it begins with us. We are two ordinary people who lived on opposite sides of the U.S. both sharing the same passion: the pursuit of truth. We are turning the camera on ourselves to be vulnerable with our own stories - a girl who grew up rejected abandoned and abused and a man who was coddled and overprotected. Both of our childhoods have led us to lack the ability to Love ourselves. So we have surrendered everything in our lives to come together as a team. Our pursuit has led us to uncover the mystery of Love.Why Love? We have set out to excavate the root of why we as individuals cannot understand this simple yet so powerful word: Love. We believe Love is the foundation of all we do. With the condition of our world today the constant day-to-day battles of living a life of depression suicide murder divorce and self-inflicted pain these are symptoms of a much larger epidemic. We are restless and fed up with this becoming a sense of normalcy within our society. We are convinced that by journeying to define Love we will shed a light and bring truth as to why we as humans face these struggles. If we do not seek out why Love isn't taking over the world as we know it will continue to revel in darkness hate hopelessness and greater war. We asked ourselves why not try? Why not attempt to create a ripple effect of Love light and revival? Love Is... is a Love awakening; a movement. It is getting up close and personal with top researchers doctors Love experts and public figures who understand love in order for us to discover the answer to the most controversial topic anyone has ever set out to define: What is Love? We are confident that the people we encounter along the way will hold the keys to unlock the answers to set Love free... before it's too late. According to startling statistics and news reports from across the world no one appears to understand what Love is at all. We know that no two opinions on Love will be the same. But without understanding what Love is in its entirety - "Where does it begin?" "How do we receive it?" "How do we give it?" "How do we keep it alive?" - we will continue to live mediocre unfulfilled lives settling for the first thing that comes along. We accept the Love we think we deserve. Love Is... is a journey to define the true meaning of "Love" and it begins with us. We are two ordinary people sharing the same passion: the pursuit of truth and suffer from the same inability: loving ourselves. We are turning the camera on us to be vulnerable with our own stories as we journey around the world to uncover this simple yet so powerful word Love. Love Is... sheds a light and brings truth as to why we as humans face daily struggles that are part of a much larger epidemic: What is Love? Love Is... is a Love awakening; a movement. We are seeking to discover the answer to the most controversial topic anyone has ever set out to define Love. We are getting up close and personal with people from all walks of life top researchers doctors and love experts who understand Love and are actually walking in Love. We want to know where Love starts and what happens to it in our lives from birth to death. How do we Love ourselves? Why do we choose the mates that we do? How do we give Love? Journey with us as Love Is... unfolds the truth and takes an in-depth look into the miracle of who we are as humans and what we were created to do and be Love.