Farewell Israel: Bush Iran and The Revolt of Islam is an historic journey. From the birth of Islam through its 1200 year reign over the civilized world to the last 300 years of Islamic decline. Overtaken and dominated by the West -- then humiliated by a Jewish state. Islam's historic trials with Jews and its relationship with conquered non-believers help illustrate the Islamic world view - all through the eyes of Muslims. The confrontation between Islam and the Jews began in the Prophet Muhammad's time and continues to this day. Israel's existence recalls Islam's age old Jewish problem first felt at Islam's inception in Medina in 624 AD: How can Islam thrive and find salvation if Jews are politically powerful? And it requires the same solution chosen by the Prophet Muhammad - elimination of political independence of Jews and the domination of Islam over them. Farewell Israel: Bush Iran and The Revolt of Islam is an historic journey from the birth of Islam through its 1200 year reign over the civilized world to the last 300 years of Islamic decline overtaken and dominated by the West -- then humiliated by a Jewish state. Islam's historic trials with Jews and its relationship with conquered non-believers help illustrate the Islamic world view - all through the eyes of Muslims. In this groundbreaking film the total rejection of Israel by Muslim states since its inception in 1948 comes to light as a religious duty for Believers. The Islamic roots of Anwar Sadat's 1977 Camp David Accords with Israel are exposed as "The Diplomatic Strategy Against Israel" by which Egypt sought to defeat Israel through diplomacy rather than establish "Western Peace." Israel's misunderstanding of Islamic goals and values are highlighted by its enthusiasm for Yasser Arafat and the 1993 Oslo Accords. Next President George Bush's tragic misunderstanding of 9/11 as a "War Against Freedom" in which the United States played into the hands of Al-Qaeda and the Islamist cause by advocating democratic reform across the Middle East is revealed. Finally the Iranian agenda for acquiring strategic weapons to eliminate Israel comes clearly into focus. Today at the direction of Iran Islamists are preparing for a fateful coming war for Islam - and Israel is the number one target and obstacle in the path of Islamic revival. For Muslims Israel embodies "injustice" and is the ultimate symbol of Islam's decline - a Western secular society imposed by the West on former Islamic lands. Only with the return of Jews to their historic status as "Dhimmi" or "Tributaries" tolerated and protected within Islamic society can Islamic revival succeed - resulting in "Islamic Peace" in the Middle East. Farewell Israel: Bush Iran and The Revolt of Islam reaches the unavoidable conclusion that Western and Israeli misunderstanding of Islam is leading to a coming war - which will have devastating consequences for the West and worst of all for Israel - Farewell Israel!