Brock "King of the Mountain" is an action / drama feature film based on the legendary racing car driver Peter Brock set against the back-drop of the Australian motor racing scene in the late 1980s. Touring Car race drivers were idolized like 'rock stars'. They were demigods who reached mythical proportions of popularity through their death defying skills on the track. Dick Johnson Allan Moffat and Jim Richards to name a few were household names to their adoring fans but sworn enemies on the track. Then there was Peter Brock. The best of the best. In 1986 Peter Brock was a three-time Australian Touring Car Champion with eight Bathurst 1000 victories under his belt. Along with trusted Co-Driver business partner and friend John Harvey by his side Brock had become the most successful driver in Australian touring car history. Brock was always seeking an advantage over the competition always adapting new technologies from overseas to push the very boundaries of the sport. On the advice of family friend and health practitioner Dr Eric Dowker Brock sought to improve his own health and fitness. He gave up alcohol and cigarettes and became a vegan literally overnight. When Peter put his mind to something... Impressed with the results of Dr Dowkers unorthodox methods Brock started experimenting with crystals and magnets as an "alternative technology" to improve a cars performance. Against the wishes of his major partner and supplier of vehicles General Motors Holden he ordered the fitting of this new device to his Holden Special Vehicle Commodores. On the eve of the 1987 Australian Touring Car Championship Brock publicly released a car he had re-designed and modified with an un-tested rear suspension called the Brock Director. It was a GMH based product and had not been approved. This was against GMH's wishes who were already unimpressed with the much vaunted polarizer' device. GMH immediately withdrew all support for Brock's Racing Team. Overnight his empire had collapsed. The Press had a field day gleefully proclaiming he was yesterday's hero. Old loyalties were tested as friends became foes and with the World Touring Car Championship coming to Mount Panorama a new breed of hot international driver was threatening to eclipse his legacy. But Brock wasn't finished just yet.... Clawing his way back with the help of some rebel Holden Car Dealers this film is the remarkable story of how "Peter Perfect" became the "King of the Mountain" for the ninth time. A record that still stands today.