America a land of extremes where wealth and poverty walk side by side. Thousands of amazing cities of light full of multi-ethnic individuals all chasing the dream. Wild frontiers of natural beauty and danger. The world's biggest smallest loudest and fastest of everything. Incredible landscapes incredible people incredible history. A place where freedom of speech thought religion and politics are espoused and held dear. But is America truly the home of the brave and the land of the free? John F. Kennedy once said: "The very word 'secrecy' is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies to secret oaths and to secret proceedings." But is this really the truth? Is America the nation the result of just a series of events or is it part of some grand design from some even grander architect? In "A Secret History" we uncover the true origin of the United States of America and explore the occult origins of its signs and symbols - discovering that Freemasonic and Illuminati secret societies are responsible for how we live our daily lives in this modern world. Discover the ruling elite who have been orchestrating the world we know for centuries and who sparked a global revolution and created the most powerful nation on the planet - a grand design put into action and still present today. America a land of extremes where wealth and poverty walk side by side. Thousands of amazing cities of light full of multi-ethnic individuals all chasing the dream. Wild frontiers of natural beauty and danger. The world's biggest smallest loudest and fastest of everything. Incredible landscapes incredible people incredible history. A place where freedom of speech thought religion and politics are espoused and held dear. But is America truly the home of the brave and the land of the free? John F. Kennedy once said: "The very word 'secrecy' is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies to secret oaths and to secret proceedings." But is this really the truth? Is America the nation the result of just a series of events or is it part of some grand design from some even grander architect? In "A Secret History" we uncover the true origin of the United States of America and explore the occult origins of its signs and symbols - discovering that Freemasonic and Illuminati secret societies are responsible for how we live our daily lives in this modern world. Discover the ruling elite who have been orchestrating the world we know for centuries and who sparked a global revolution and created the most powerful nation on the planet - a grand design put into action and still present today.