The world of professional theatre is tiered like never before in an all or nothing way. At one end there is a super league of London West End musicals and A list talent supplemented by established regional "producing" theatres which often rely on public subsidy to tour their shows. At the other end are companies performing in rundown buildings often relying on the lucrative pantomime season to fund their other production activities. Is theatre for local audiences alone sustainable? Let's be clear investment in top talent and production value means the hot tickets make the serious money. However the limitations of space in traditional theatres means that investors and producers are expanding into a multimedia world where live theatre shows are filmed or live streamed and distributed digitally into cinemas nation/worldwide thus maximising "bums on seats" income. The number of productions is expanding as the business model has matured. Exhibition revenue is increasing as audiences become familiar with the format - live theatre or opera in the comfort of a multiplex. Good for cinema. Bad for theatre as whole? The irony is that some "dark" theatres unable to make a profit from their own stage performances are playing host to these "live " screenings via new projection technology. So theatre productions converted to cinema to be screened in theatres that would be otherwise uneconomic. Theatre has long been the training ground for emerging writers directors producers stage managers and of course acting talent. Lets put the show on right here. Traditionally "Rep" theatres have honed the skills of the creative community without which the food chain would be incomplete. So will the evolution of the highly profitable multimedia world have any impact on the sustainability of theatre as a whole or should it continue to stand or fall on its own merits? If audiences elect to spend their money viewing selected shows via the cinema screen is it inevitable that the habit of theatre going will soon become extinct or instead inspire people back into auditoriums to experience live shows once again? This film explores how creative and economic dynamics are influencing the ways audiences receive theatre and the impact this may have on the future of truly live performances.