El Camino de Santiago or the Way of Saint James is one of the oldest and most popular of all spiritual pilgrimages undertaken by over 200000 people every year. Many of these pilgrims undergo a Rebirth Renovatio on the path from Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port to Santiago de Compostela which is often considered metaphorical for the journey from cradle to grave. It is against this backdrop that the conceptual documentary "Looking for Infinity: El Camino" was born. Since the dawn of civilization humans have aspired to comprehend the experience of being alive. The yearning for this understanding has manifested itself in many forms throughout the millennia one of them being the pilgrimage. Long distance trekking affords people the freedom to escape the framework of their everyday lives and to gain a deeper understanding of themselves. With the ever intensifying relationship between humanity and technology we are deprived of the sense of connection that we need to be healthy and happy. In an age characterized by illnesses of the mind there is a need for new frameworks better able to provide sanctuary for the human soul. The film offers an intimate and fascinating insight into the pilgrim's journey seeking to probe some of the timeless questions confronting humanity. The journey starts with the first step on a path of over five hundred miles; walking sleeping eating; life once again becomes simplified to its essential nature. Beyond the surface appearance of the ancient pilgrimage lies the challenge to reflect on ourselves and our way of life. Evoking the time space and great patience walking the Camino requires "Looking For Infinity: El Camino" holds up a mirror to the audience while providing the inspiration to take the first step. Described by the Blue Mountains Australia Supporters of the Camino as "A beautiful sincere and gentle work for those who want to savour life and slow down to see it" Aaron C. Leaman's film will offer something for former pilgrims and inspiration to a new generation of mindful walkers.