A behind-the-scenes look at the making of the 2000 direct-to-video action movie 'Blackmale'. While the video was not remarkably successful this 'making-of' documentary provides an in-depth look at the difficulties (and the joys) of creating a picture on one's own without big-budget studio backing. When three wildly ambitious but so-far unsuccessful producers asked documentary-maker Harvey Hubbell V to work on their low-budget movie as the 1st Assistant Director he said yes - if they'd let him make a documentary about it. Loop Dreams is the zany but endearing result - a funny sexy unflinching look at the world of low budget filmmaking. With the sometimes reluctant cooperation of the producers Hubbell and his crew documented the making of Blackmale which featured Bokeem Woodbine (3000 Miles to Graceland City of Angels Dead Presidents) Roger Rees (The Scorpion King The West Wing Cheers!) Justin Pierce (Kids Pigeonholed Next Friday) Eric Todd Dellums (The Color of Friendship Homicide) and Sascha Knopf (Shallow Hal What's the Worst That Could Happen? The Trade). A devoted but underpaid (or unpaid) crew...stars pummeled in bar room fights and nearly run over on location...sixteen hour shifts and crew rebellions...off-camera love and warfare...and the joy of working together to make something happen...Loop Dreams shows the wild ups and downs of making a movie on a shoestring. Says director Harvey Hubbell V "When the smoke clears and the battle is over there'll be nothing left behind Ź- except of course a movie. But what it took to make it - that's what I wanted to document. The dreams and the battles ... the heartache and laughter... the treachery and the debauchery on the set of a film called Blackmale." Loop Dreams is a hit on the festival circuit most recently winning 3 Boston/New England Emmy Awards and the Gold World Medal for Comedy at The New York Festivals. It's Harvey's first feature-length documentary. His previous documentaries have won more than 50 film and video festival awards including nine Emmys.