One year of Italian history told by Mother Nature. The daily breath of life of the mutant man the internal struggle and the opposing forces of the roots and wings. Nature speaks and imposes her purifying aesthetics. An animist and pagan revenge an artistic declaration of religiousness. An unprecedented narrative language a story with many voices the art of cinema to remind us that the word is not the most trivial language we have. A film which teaches how to use hands eyes ears and heart. Go out of the office and metro and look for this film. You'll find yourself with wet nostrils an extended neck and streched ears. It's a unique experience for your senses. Alberto Ridge Rigettini The protagonist takes us through his spiritual journey pointing out the great contradictions of modern man walking down an exemplary path which leads him back to basics. The movie addresses the relationship between Man and Nature: his estrangement the existential crisis and the consequent alienation. Through themes such as death life and the magnetic fascination of dreams we are led into another dimension where reality and dreams blend together overturning the everyday vision of life. Here the signs and symbols of nature regain voice and meaning triggering in the viewer a multisensory emotional roller coaster which revolves around nature's own cycle: Birth Death Rebirth. We witness modern man's rebirth through the sacrifice of his sickest side. Cinzia Puggioni Perhaps I was a fish under a previous sun one of these rocks polished by water or a bough that bends and dips its fingers into the creek. No other explanation if I'm lost for hours at the sight and sound of streams and seas and trees. Alberto Ridge Rigettini 2013 HD 1080p color/b&w italian/english 1h 11' experimental doc-film Best photography award 2014 LIFE AFTER OIL Festival a film by SETH MORLEY and DEM with: DEM ALESSANDRA DI STEFANO GIOVANNA LUCCHINI music: COMANECI LARVA 108 AQUARIUS OMEGA CORPOPARASSITA AYARKHAAN TRASHSOUND drawnings masks and costumes: DEM MALIN BUDINOV ALESSANDRA DI STEFANO Produced by DEM YOU ARE GOD FILM PROD. in collaboration with LOGO VIDEO.