This film covers generations of history including the perspectives of Jim E Warne (Oglala Lakota) an advocate and educator. His story of the 7th Generation touches many levels of history and the unknown experiences of past generations. This documentary addresses historical and current perspectives from elders and community members with a focus on a positive future for our youth - the 7th Generation... Native Driven Network filmed the Native Learning Center (Seminole Tribes of Florida) national conference and witnessed Jim's "7th Generation" lecture. Research interviews and film of historical sites and Tribal communities are utilized to tell the story of the history and the future for the 7th generation. Jim is an Oglala Lakota Tribal member and his family is from the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota. Jim was raised with the Lakota Way. His perspectives and teachings of the Lakota history are infused throughout the film. The "7th Generation" stories include: . Wounded Knee . Black Elk . American Indian Policy . Boarding Schools . Mt. Rushmore . Crazy Horse . The future for the 7th Generation Director's Statement: Oglala Lakota tribal member Jim Warne's efforts in helping Tribal Nations find a way to succeed in a contemporary American system and still remain Indian at heart ~ John-L Voth Director and Editor. --- Director's Synopsis: After the Wounded Knee Massacre a Lakota medicine man named Black Elk had a prophecy 'It will take 7 generations to heal our sacred hoop.' Today we are approaching the 7th generation and Black Elk's prophecies both good and bad continue to become reality. Jim Warne of the Oglala Lakota Nation is a believer in the 7th Generation philosophy. The film is to help the public understand the hardships felt by Indian Country since those times what really happened in the boarding school era the historical trauma that tribal members still deal with today what Mt. Rushmore looks like through a Lakota lens and the history behind Paha Sapa the Black Hills.