WE'VE GOT IT SIMPLE - A feature length documentary film that will expose and celebrate the wondrous glow of the completely creative uniquely artistic and often obsessively fanatical world of Phish fans! What started with a single show way back in 1983 has since blossomed into a three decade long career of four virtuoso musicians and one of the most unique and fascinating bands to ever grace a stage. While PHISH approached the 30th anniversary of the band's first show Philly Philms began pre-production on "We've Got It Simple" while touring with the band in the summer fall and holiday tours of 2013. While traversing the lots with his camera in hand director Mike Lawrence a Phish fan himself for nearly 20 years shot interviews and B-roll from coast to coast while building a strong base for the film and full production which shoots through 2014. From the earliest days in Vermont to the 30th Anniversary shows in Madison Square Garden Phish fans have changed and evolved alongside the band. The unique community that has spawned from the band and their music is the focus of the film with a specific slant on the creative and artistic world that Phish fans reside in. From the smallest trinkets sold on lot that allow fans to "tour" with the band each year to the established worlds of pin and poster artists Phish fans have in sense created an underground art collective made up entirely of fans of the band who create sell trade and very often give art to each other in the community. What began as a simple means to pay for the next show has blossomed into a highly creative sub-culture that deserves to be celebrated. Further this sub-culture is really a legitimate community of people from all over the country and from all walks of life. A community that thrives on positive energy and is fueled by music. This community exists and is a direct result of one thing the band Phish and their music. Their intent is all for our delight and always has been. We've Got It Simple.. we truly do. So not only is this film an attempt to shed some light on such an eclectic and amazing community that we are a part of but also as a way to say thank you to the band. In the end all of us Phish heads will have collectively created a film a piece of permanent art that will not only tell our story from the inside-out but also serve as a 30th Anniversary Gift from us the fans.. to them the band!