IT'S NOT ABOUT FAME but about finding a place for yourself in life. A mission with which you feel comfortable and right in order to overcome all difficulties that might come. The film portrays creative freelancers of the generation "30 something" and witnesses how their private life (digital) work spaces and very personal dreams concerns and visions intertwine and function. Have the characteristics of the modern bohemian society changed since artists are able to go online and digitally spread their work throughout the world? Does the fact that art is more respected within society alter their personal fears the struggle for recognition and search of creative input? And furthermore: Is it fame that really matters in the end or is there something more important? The film is a current snapshot of the lives of five young professionals in different European capitals experiencing moments between heights of individual fulfillment and the obstacles of everyday reality. In times of the Euro crisis the attitude towards life of young adults is heavily affected by uncertainty. Creative freelancers especially need to have strong nerves and try to stay positive when applying for project funding. Or has it always been like that? Have the characteristics of bohemian society changed since artists are able to go on-line and digitally spread their work throughout the world? Does the fact that art is more respected within society alter their personal fears the struggle for recognition and search of creative input? And furthermore: Is it fame that really matters in the end or is there something more important? It's not about fame but about finding a place for yourself in life. A mission with which you feel comfortable and right in order to prevail over all difficulties that might come. Across European borders the film explores different microcosms of this modern bohemian world. It portrays creative individuals of the generation "30something" and witnesses how their private life (digital) work spaces and very personal dreams concerns and visions intertwine and function. We gain insight into their momentary mental state at a time when the world is turning faster and faster due to digital work-flow acceleration and globalization. The internet being both a blessing and a curse. On the one hand it helps to easily distribute one's work and to increase popularity but simultaneously it increases competition and enforces the realization of only being a small player in a big game. Although chances of achieving financial security may decline - the dream of creating something meaningful for society in order to be an accepted part of it remains strong. That's what keeps the film's protagonists pushing forward despite the odds. IT'S NOT ABOUT FAME follows five creative professionals in different European capitals for more than a year. The film is a current snapshot of their lives that vary from the heights of individual fulfillment to the obstacles of everyday reality.