A group of pugnacious yet talented Broadway actors arrive on the doorsteps of 1930s Hollywood and find themselves thrust into the limelight. Flush with fame but haunted by misfortune this is the tale behind one of Hollywood's most unlikely success stories - a tale filled with drama laughter and ultimately redemption. This feature length documentary examines the lives of six actors who ended up forever type-cast both on-screen and off caught up in the throes of an unforgiving Hollywood system that took as much as it gave. In a stroke of irony that was dark even by Hollywood standards their very name The Dead End Kids said it all. It all began in 1937 following their phenomenal success on Broadway in the play Dead End. Film mogul Samuel Goldwyn cast The Dead End Kids to reprise their Broadway roles in the film adaptation of Dead End starring Humphrey Bogart and Joel McCrea. Thrust onto Goldwyn's studio lot the original "Brat Pack" unhesitatingly made Hollywood their own. Their larcenous behavior not limited to scene "stealing" the overnight stars wreaked havoc on sound stages throwing fire crackers into dressing rooms setting fire to sets flooding the wardrobe department and playing endless practical jokes on the Hollywood elite. Off-camera they lived the high life chasing girls racing cars in broad daylight on Sunset Boulevard and consequently serving jail time. Each with a unique and colorful journey this documentary allows a glimpse into their somewhat tumultuous private lives poignantly described through their family's eyes. Closely resembling the triumphs and trials of today's young actors this documentary explores the famous movie team's fame and fortune and for a few fallen angels the slow decline into alcoholism drug abuse divorce illness bankruptcy and early death. As with the best of their films The Dead End Kids The Little Tough Guys The East Side Kids and The Bowery Boys this documentary presents a message of hope forgiveness closure and redemption... even for a pack of unruly teens from the Lower East Side!