Love at the Twilight Motel is a film about how Latin attitudes towards love and sex are meeting America at the intersection of 8th Street and Rte 826 in Miami. The Twilight Motel is the busiest motel in the city. It rents rooms by the hour and is one of many on 8th Street - the major east-west artery through the city and the heart of Little Havana. Motels like the Twilight are Latin American institutions that were introduced to the United States by Miami's large Cuban and Latin American population. The motel presents a veneer of everyday normalcy. Chambermaids go about their chores in the hot Miami light. A green gecko poses against pink stucco. A retro neon sign looms over the lazy hum of city traffic. But behind the row of uniform doors an all-too-human drama is playing out in the shadows. In one room an elderly Cuban American the very image of traditional breadwinner waits for one of his several younger girlfriends. In another a newly married young guy lamely justifies his serial cheating. Next door an aging blonde wearily preparing for the next john wonders about the direction her life has taken. With Love at the Twilight Motel filmmaker Alison Rose enters this world of duplicity and dysfunction fashioning a compassionate and stylish account of love loss and the human condition. Through a gallery of strikingly conceived character studies -- sharply etched yet achingly universal -- she captures the pathos and pain of her subject's damaged lives. Rose broken and beautiful reveals a heart-rending story of abuse and delusion. Richard a study in a macho bravado happily pursues his destiny bedding married women. While Cadillac an ex-pimp and thief assesses his life spent in pursuit of the next crack hit. Love at the Twilight Motel draws upon a rich documentary tradition to reflect upon the secrets we conceal and the tangled webs we weave. The half-century-old Cuban-American community of Miami's Little Havana has its own rituals a secret world behind the facade of Latin-American virtue that reflects a practical attitude toward sex and infidelity. It's the world explored in the frank and candid Love at the Twilight Motel - a film that offers a glimpse of the passions and personalities that converge in the busiest strip of by-the-hour motels in the city. Welcome to Love at the Twilight Motel where motel rooms rent by the hour and housekeepers are always on duty. Here your secrets are safe and as long as you respect the rules of the establishment your room is your temporary home. Past the motel entrance sign you are hidden from the city behind high walls and lush hedges. Ahead of you the parking lot is nearly full. A green striped awning shades the entrance to the office. For added privacy some rooms have their own parking and private walk-up. It is discreet and always busy. Behind a row of uniform doors a multi-character drama of duplicity and dysfunction is playing out in the shadows. In one room an elderly married businessman waits for one of his young girlfriends. In another a sad blonde prepares for her next john. Next door a young husband loses another day to addiction. Entering a world of infidelity and delusion the documentary fashions a compassionate account of love loss and the tangled webs we weave. The motel and its clients are an intersection of American classes and cultures - Latin- Anglo- and African- wealthy and poor. There are 20 hourly motels on S.W. 8th Street alone - the old main east-west artery through the city and the heart of Little Havana. They are Latin American institutions that were introduced to the United States by Miami's large Cuban and Latin American population.