In this one-hour premiere special on Travel Channel Hollywood pros reveal the behind-the-scenes and star secrets of Hangover 2 in Bangkok Fast Five in Puerto Rico Cocktail in Jamaica 21 Jump Street Ocean's 11 and other blockbusters. Some places are so epic on screen that Hollywood's top directors and actors just can't resist hitting the road and filming on location. But why should movie stars have all the fun? Hot Movie Sets puts us in the shoes of Hollywood's hottest leading ladies and coolest heroes. From the notorious nightspots of Bangkok where the "wolf pack" had their Hangover 2 misadventures to the private island where Johnny Depp stranded Penelope Cruz in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides to the surprising locations where the Fast Five's Vin Diesel and Dwayne Johnson satisfy their need for speed and feel right at home Hot Movie Sets is your ticket to A-list movie adventures. Hot Movie Sets also uncovers the hangouts and hotel suites the stars enjoyed while filming on location. For instance we check out the 6000 square-foot villas where George Clooney and Brad Pitt stayed when shooting the iconic heist movie Ocean's 11 and catch the burlesque show in the New Orleans bar this year's "sexiest man alive" and actor Channing Tatum opened after filming 21 Jump Street in the Big Easy. In this one-hour premiere special Hollywood pros reveal the behind-the-scenes and star secrets of Hangover 2 in Bangkok Fast Five in Puerto Rico Cocktail in Jamaica 21 Jump Street Ocean's 11 and other blockbusters. Some places are so epic on screen that Hollywood's top directors and actors just can't resist hitting the road and filming on location. But why should movie stars have all the fun? Hot Movie Sets puts us in the shoes of Hollywood's hottest leading ladies and coolest heroes. From the notorious nightspots of Bangkok where the "wolf pack" had their Hangover 2 misadventures to the private island where Johnny Depp stranded Penelope Cruz in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides to the surprising locations where the Fast Five's Vin Diesel and Dwayne Johnson satisfy their need for speed and feel right at home Hot Movie Sets is a ticket to A-list movie adventures. Hot Movie Sets also uncovers the hangouts and hotel suites the stars enjoyed while filming on location. For instance we check out the 6000 square-foot villas where George Clooney and Brad Pitt stayed when shooting the iconic heist movie Ocean's 11 and catch the burlesque show in the New Orleans bar this year's "sexiest man alive" and actor Channing Tatum opened after filming 21 Jump Street in the Big Easy.