Movie people are legendarily liberal and left leaning particularly when it comes to the environment. Greenlit puts their commitment to the test as filmmaker Miranda Bailey (executive producer of The Squid and the Whale) follows the production of The River Why starring Zach Gilford (Friday Night Lights) as it attempts to keep an environmentally friendly set thanks to the supervision of a "green" consultant. What starts off with great enthusiasm quickly devolves in this insightful and hilarious film. Filmmaker 'Miranda Bailey (I)' (qv) believes that she does her small part to protect the environment in her personal life but has no idea what "going green" in the filmmaking business would actually mean. Celebrities through their activism seem to be environmentally conscious as a collective and the Hollywood community makes such well regarded films as _An Inconvenient Truth (2006)_ (qv) (although the movie is point of contention within her politically diverse family circle). However she discovers that the film business is one of the biggest polluters and energy wasters especially in comparison to other major southern California businesses. She also learns that there is a movement for movies to be "carbon neutral" such classification which can be placed in movie credits. She decides to go to the rural Oregon location of the filming of _The River Why (2010)_ (qv) whose producer 'Kristi Denton Cohen' (qv) has hired environmental consultant 'Lauren Selman (I)' (qv) to make the movie "greener". This film follows Lauren's efforts on the shoot she focusing solely on what look to be the low hanging fruit of no of bottled water (instead going to a system of large water containers which will fill individually assigned reusable water bottles) paper reduction and separation of discarded materials into compostables recyclables and landfill destined waste. Lauren finds that what sounds logical in theory may be difficult to implement especially if there is not effective communication from the top down to those that are supposed to follow the green guidelines.