Why do we see so many severely mentally ill people on the street off treatment? Delaney has seen her paranoid schizophrenic father in this state and for 10 years hid from him. Unlisted depicts Delaney's journey now as a doctor to bring her father back into her life. Can she have a relationship with him that is not solely based on being his care provider which was her role as a child. After 2 years of reconnecting things suddenly change when Richard stops his medicine and disappears....and what starts as an emotional tale of reconciliation turns into a frantic race for survival. Richard Ruston was afflicted with paranoid schizophrenia before his daughter Delaney Ruston's birth. After many years of shame frustration and fear she decided to hide from her father and keep her phone number and address unlisted. But now 10 years later Richard is more stable on a newer medicine and Delaney given her experiences as a doctor and a mother decides to reconnect with her father. What understanding and acceptance of her dad and his illness can she now find? What obstacles to getting her dad treatment will she now face? Knowing that her earlier failed attempts to get needed treatment to her dad is a common occurrence in today's starved mental health system Delaney decides to bring her camera with her during this journey of reconciliation. As the story unfolds Delaney finds that the wall she has created between her and her dad starts to slowly crumble as she applies her medical understanding of her dad's illness to their tormented past. By meeting with people involved in her father's life past and present and by referring to her father's autobiographically based novel that he wrote during the onset of his schizophrenia Delaney begins to better understand her father's world and how she can now be a part of it. But this journey is not without strain as Delaney faces the conflicts around caring for her father that have existed since her youth. Delaney must confront family members who each hold strong opinions about her responsibility to her dad and she must face the constant tension of her dad wanting to go off treatment. When he finally does Delaney finds herself on a race against time that is a matter of life and death. Sharing touching and at times painful detail about the personal toll of mental illness Unlisted: A Story of Schizophrenia is a soul-searching examination into the nature of responsibility-of parents and children of physicians and patients of society and citizens towards those afflicted with severe mental illness.