On the south side of Kyoto. Tucked away from it's ancient temples and tourist sites lies a 40 building low income housing project. Mukaijima New Town as it's known around the city is home to poor immigrants gangsters drug addicts and lost children. On the outskirts of Kyoto far from its ancient temples and tourist sites lies Mukaijima a 40-building low-income housing project that is home to poor immigrants gangsters drug addicts and lost children struggling to survive on the fringes of Japanese society. Most residents of Kyoto simply ignore it. Many don't even know it exists. Danchi No Yume: Dreams of the Projects tells the story of Anarchy a young man born into this hidden world and his mission to avoid the vicious circle of crime most young men get caught up in. To battle his despair of the depressing circumstances all around him and the loneliness of being raised in a single parent household Anarchy turns to the streets of Mukaijima and finds other abandoned kids just like him. Inspired by the rags-to-riches success stories of American Hip Hop artists Anarchy and his friends turn to Hip Hop to express their sense of despair and their hope for the future. Together they create a sense of family for themselves each with their own unique stories yet collectively sharing a common bond as outsiders in a rigid society that ignores its underclass with a cold and fearful indifference. The film follows Anarchy as he embarks on his quest with little money and resources to record his first full-length album Dream and Drama and bring it to the people of Japan. Today the cultural trends in Japanese media are shifting. Once unthinkable Anarchy a lower class kid from the projects is rising to the national stage and his voice is finally being heard. Facing critics and naysayers from a society that discounts those who attempt to stand out from the crowd Anarchy remains undaunted in his tireless effort to achieve his hip hop dream and propel his crew out of poverty and into the mainstream music scene in Tokyo. [EPILOGUE 2014] Anarchy has just signed with Japan's largest and most powerful record label Avex. He is now considered the biggest Hip Hop star in Japan. This film tells his story before the deal and what it actually takes to make it in Japan.