Grand Prix Racer is a warm and personal tribute to the ordinary men and women who compete on the extraordinary Isle of Man TT mountain circuit. Held annually over two weeks in late August the Manx Grand Prix is motorcycle racing in its purest form; an event which allows racers of all ages and aspirations to face their ultimate challenge. Just taking part is a personal victory - compete here and you are a Grand Prix Racer and that can never be taken away. Grand Prix Racer lets the racers whether they be newcomers professionals veterans or amateurs explain why they flock from all over the world to the legendary 37.7-mile public road circuit. This is not a 2012 race review it is an insight into what motivates riders to risk everything in pursuit of the glory of becoming a Grand Prix Racer. From the arrival of the racers to the final chequered flag of the fortnight we hear from organisers officials marshals experts fans and essentially the racers to discover what the MGP is all about. Mountain course specialists like Michael Rutter Mick Grant Phillip McCallen Ryan Farquhar Michael Dunlop Chris Palmer and Maria Costello MBE offer their insight while we share the high and lows of the 'Manx' with a colourful cast of newcomers from the disaster of failing to qualify to the triumph of completing a race or even winning. There's also a taste of the racing action from the modern and classic classes with plenty of jaw-dropping on-board footage courtesy of the Grand Prix Racers. Featuring music by Coldplay Mumford & Sons Alt-J Patrick Watson Ben Howard Frank Turner The Dandy Warhols Newton Faulkner Imogen Heap and more. From the arrival of the racers to the final chequered flag of the fortnight we hear from organisers officials marshals experts fans and essentially the racers to discover what the MGP is all about. Mountain course specialists like Michael Rutter Mick Grant Phillip McCallen Ryan Farquhar Michael Dunlop Chris Palmer and Maria Costello MBE offer their insight while we share the high and lows of the 'Manx' with a colourful cast of newcomers from the disaster of failing to qualify to the triumph of completing a race or even winning. There's also a taste of the racing action from the modern and classic classes with plenty of jaw-dropping on-board footage courtesy of the Grand Prix Racers. Featuring music by Coldplay Mumford & Sons Alt-J Patrick Watson Ben Howard Frank Turner The Dandy Warhols Newton Faulkner Imogen Heap and more. 'I just thought I would take the time to say what a totally brilliant DVD "Grand Prix Racers" is. I must have over 100 Duke videos/cds dating back to mid '80s right up until the latest road race ones. As an MGP competitor in 05 (silver rep) I had slightly a different view point from perhaps someone who hasn't competed... I have to say it was fantastic so well informed factual and really captures the races in all the aspects. We still race the short circuits but I suppose it's true you can never really explain until you have done it. For me it was the best bike experience of my life and I doubt if anything will ever come close. 'I truly feel you have captured the "spirit of the Manx". Thanks for producing a great film.' - Simon Marks Glastonbury Grand Prix Racer is a warm and personal tribute to the ordinary men and women who compete on the extraordinary Isle of Man TT mountain circuit. Held annually over two weeks in late August the Manx Grand Prix is motorcycle racing in its purest form; an event which allows racers of all ages and aspirations to face their ultimate challenge. Just taking part is a personal victory - compete here and you are a Grand Prix Racer and that can never be taken away. Grand Prix Racer lets the racers whether they be newcomers professionals veterans or amateurs explain why they flock from all over the world to the legendary 37.7-mile public road circuit. This is not a 2012 race review it is an insight into what motivates riders to risk everything in pursuit of the glory of becoming a Grand Prix Racer.