Midterms follows four competitive congressional races in three swing states each of which has the potential to switch parties. In North Carolina three leading Republicans - NC House Speaker Thom Tillis Tea Party-backed Greg Brannon and Pastor Mark Harris are battling in the Primary for the opportunity to take on Senator Kay Hagan (D). In Colorado former CO House Speaker Andrew Romanoff (D) is vying to for the 6th District House of Representatives seat currently held by Republican Mike Coffman. In Iowa two open seats are up for grabs after the retirements of Democratic US Senator Tom Harkin and Republican Congressman Tom Latham. We begin in Iowa where three leading Republicans hope to win the primary: former energy executive Mark Jacobs State Senator Joni Ernst and college professor/radio host Sam Clovis. Jacobs led the race early by spending millions of his own dollars but Ernst begins to attract attention for her quirky advertisements: one boasts of castrating hogs and one shows her on a Harley and at a gun range. The race between the two becomes tight and nasty. Ernst gets a high profile endorsement from former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. Meanwhile Sam Clovis visits a NW Iowa Dutch Tulip Festival and shares his conservative views with parade watchers. All three hope to face Democratic Congressman Bruce Braley who warns voters that they will need to work hard to counter the attacks that will come in the general election. Also in Iowa Democrat Staci Appel is trying to become the first woman to represent Iowa in Congress as she seeks to flip Tom Latham's 3rd District Congressional seat. She will face one of three Republicans: IA Secretary of State Matt Schultz State Senator Brad Zaun or David Young a former Chief of Staff for US Senator Chuck Grassley who does magic tricks during speeches. All the candidates practice the retail politics that Iowans have come to expect: making phone calls going door-to-door attending picnics and county fairs. Back in Colorado Romanoff and Coffman attend parades running back and forth between voters. The incumbent Coffman has had to moderate his positions as his district has become more diverse. The campaign is already getting ugly. One voter complains to Romanoff that she dislikes an ad that disparages Coffman. Romanoff says that the ad came from an outside group and that he'd fire anyone on his staff that disparaged his opponent. In North Carolina Thom Tillis has the establishment GOP backing to lead the race to challenge 1st term Senator Hagan. Greg Brannon uses a last minute appeal from Senator Rand Paul to try to boost his chances but Tillis' operation proves superior. On Primary night Tillis wins easily and celebrates with his family in a hotel suite in Charlotte before heading to his victory party to address supporters. Returning to Iowa it's Primary Day in the US House race. Candidates need to get to 35% to avoid a District Convention and it looks like Brad Zaun is the only candidate who might have enough supporter to clear that hurdle. Zaun comes up short however while Matt Schultz gets 18% and David Young finishes 5th. All will head to convention. In the Senate race however Joni Ernst appears to have the momentum. She gets last minute endorsements from former MA Governor Mitt Romney and FL Senator Marco Rubio. On Primary night she dominates the field taking over half of the vote. Sam Clovis surprises by finishing 2nd ahead of Mark Jacobs. Finally it's the day of District Convention to select the Republican nominee in the Iowa 3rd House race. Matt Schultz is convinced that the nominee will be either him or Brad Zaun. Both along with Young make impassioned pleas to the delegates. On the third ballot Schultz is eliminated but Young is still in it. Schultz surprises Zaun - and the delegates - by endorsing Young. Finally in a head-to-head match-up Young comes out on top. Referencing his magic tricks he vows to "make Staci Appel disappear in November".