Imagine becoming so sensitive to almost everything you're exposed to daily like common chemicals furniture foods and pollen that it makes you so ill you can't function. You must isolate yourself from others. You become unable to work the doctors don't believe you and neither does your family. You're mocked and you struggle daily to maintain your surroundings and health. Watch this entertaining and shocking film as filmmaker Michael Roland Williams chronicles the agonizing struggle of those who have endured after being exposed to toxic mold. Most are still overwhelmed with debilitating symptoms years after exposure while doctors lawmakers and attorneys take sides and dismiss their claims. Black Mold Exposure follows Michael Roland Williams filmmaker and Karen Noseff founder and designer of Fortune Denim struggling to regain their livelihood and well-being after they were unknowingly exposed to high levels of various molds that had infested Karen's apartment. The entire 264-unit apartment community was evacuated and closed indefinitely. Michael and Karen claim to have developed allergies and sensitivities to virtually everything causing them difficulty in finding "safe" housing as well as numerous other bizarre problems that have continued over the last five years. A growing number of people from all ages and walks of life claim mold made them ill while physicians lawmakers and medical associations dispute the validity of these claims. Most of the symptoms of those claiming illness from mold can be caused by and diagnosed as any number of other illnesses. There are no standardized methods to measure what molds at what exposure levels over what period of time might cause any given person to become ill. BLACK MOLD EXPOSURE explores the bizarre illnesses associated with exposure to toxic mold and the film participants' difficult task of regaining their health and lives in an atmosphere of political and social intolerance and disbelief. BLACK MOLD EXPOSURE is a first-ever look into the lives of those claiming to be ill from mold and the controversial and volatile climate surrounding it.