Father Epiphanios monastic figure renowned chef and winemaker introduces us to the beauty of Mount Athos and reveals the secrets of the Athonian Gastronomy. Mount Athos is a mountain and peninsula in northern Greece and an important center of eastern orthodox monasticism. It is governed as an autonomous polity within the Greek Republic under the official name Autonomous Monastic State of the Holy Mountain. Mount Athos is home to 20 monasteries under the direct jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople. Mount Athos has been inhabited since ancient times and is known for its nearly 1800-year continuous Christian presence and its long historical monastic traditions which date back to at least 800 A.D. and the Byzantine era. Today over 2000 monastic figures from Greece and many other Eastern Orthodox countries such as Romania Moldova Georgia Bulgaria Serbia and Russia live an ascetic life in Athos isolated from the rest of the world. The Athonite monasteries feature a rich collection of well-preserved artifacts rare books ancient documents and artworks of immense historical value and Mount Athos has been listed as a World Heritage Site since 1988. Shot entirely at Holy Mount Athos in Greece by Constantinos Tseklenis 25mm f/0.95 Lenses. Father Epiphanios monastic figure renowned chef and winemaker introduces us to the beauty of Mount Athos and reveals the secrets of the Athonian Gastronomy. Mount Athos is a mountain and peninsula in northern Greece and an important center of eastern orthodox monasticism. It is governed as an autonomous polity within the Greek Republic under the official name Autonomous Monastic State of the Holy Mountain. Mount Athos is home to 20 monasteries under the direct jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople. Mount Athos has been inhabited since ancient times and is known for its nearly 1800-year continuous Christian presence and its long historical monastic traditions which date back to at least 800 A.D. and the Byzantine era. Today over 2000 monastic figures from Greece and many other Eastern Orthodox countries such as Romania Moldova Georgia Bulgaria Serbia and Russia live an ascetic life in Athos isolated from the rest of the world. The Athonite monasteries feature a rich collection of well-preserved artifacts rare books ancient documents and artworks of immense historical value and Mount Athos has been listed as a World Heritage Site since 1988. Shot entirely at Holy Mount Athos in Greece by Constantinos Tseklenis.