The Final Chapter traces the events that would eventually lead to the fall of Hitler's Third Reich and the destruction of a once great nation. The episode begins with the allied invasion of Europe and ends with a tour of the only remaining intact section of the Berlin Chancellery bunker. Highlights include an in-depth tour of the historic D-Day landing sites at Utah Omaha Gold Juno and Sword beaches including the solemn monuments and memorials. The tour continues with stops at Rommel's headquarters at La Roche Guyon Hitler's headquarters Wolfsschluct II and Wolfsschanze. Other stops include Gestapo headquarters the people's court and execution chamber at Plotzensee Prison. Viewers will also visit sites made famous during the Battle of the Bulge including the remains of the Remagen bridge. In addition to the remaining Nazi buildings of the Third Reich viewers will be taken on a fascinating tour of one of Hitler's Teutonic castles of order Ordenburg Vogelsang. Part 4 of the Ruins series focuses primarily on the fall of the Third Reich. "The Final Chapter" begins with the allied landings at Normandy with an in depth tour of Utah Omaha Gold Juno and Sword beaches where thousands of brave men lost their lives on June 6th 1944. From the massive artificial harbor at Arromanches to the solemn monuments and memorials that dot the French coastline the viewer experience the story of the D-Day like never before. From Normandy the film follows the allies as they liberate Paris fight the Battle of the Bulge and finally cross the Rhine river into Germany. The Final Chapter then takes viewers on an in-depth tour of Hitler's French headquarters called Wolfsschluct II and his East Prussian compound known as Wolfsschanze. It was here that an assassination attempt nearly ended the Nazi leaders life in July 1944. From Wolfschanze to army general HQs in Berlin the program re-traces the foot steps of the would be assassin to his capture and execution as well as that of his co-conspirators. Sites include Gestapo HQs the people's court and execution chamber at Plotzensee Prison. The film also includes a tour of Rommel's French HQs the Remagen Bridge the Nazi Order Castle called Vogelsang and the new Reich's chancellery in Berlin. But the highlight of the film is the haunting tour inside the only remaining section of the Berlin Chancellery bunker. Discovered during a series of archaeological measurements taken in June 1992 the massive bunker is nearly an exact copy of the Fuehrer bunker which remains buried a few feet away. It's believed that this rare footage of the chancellery bunker is the only one of it's kind in existence today.