Why Dance? is an in-depth behind the scenes look at the world of dance. It examines what attracts so many to this wondrous art form including young students former ballerina's and current dancers. It explores why they dance and what drives them from their early introduction to the neighborhood dance studio to the stages of Ballet San Jose Silicon Valley a professional dance company in San Jose California. This full length documentary discusses the benefits of dance competitions including substantial footage of one of many competitions and conventions held in many cities throughout the country every year. It includes interviews with various winners including Peter Chursin (Mr Dance of America 2003) and Ashley Canterna (Miss Dance of America 2002). The rigorous training stretching and rehearsing is also shown as many of these young people put every thing they have into trying to impress the judges during a 2 ˝ minute dance routine. Parents discuss the benefits of both dance and competing with respect to the positive influence it has had on their children's scholastic achievement and self confidence. Not only do ballerina's(including former dancers with American Ballet Theatre and Dance Theatre of Harlem) share their early experiences growing up in the world of dance but we get an insight from such notables as Dennis Nahat(world renown choreographer/ Artistic Director) Karen "KB" Brown(Artistic Director of the Oakland Ballet) and Daryl Gray(choreographer). Other contributors to the film include photographers Martha Swope Roger Ele Hubert Worley and Christopher Jean-Richard. It examines the USA International Ballet Competition in Jackson Mississippi which is held every four years where dancers from all over the world attend and compete for "The Gold". Dance as a career is discussed in numerous conversations with current professional dancers and former dancers with such notable dance companies as American Ballet Theatre The Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre and the Stuttgart Ballet. Advice is given freely and quite candid in format. The darker side of dance is also explored including injuries eating disorders and insecurities issues that all dancers will face sooner or later. This film goes behind the scenes of a professional dance company's production of "The Pirates of Penzance" a ballet staged by Ballet San Jose Silicon Valley in San Jose California. Behind the scenes footage includes actual choreography being set in the rehearsal hall as well as footage of the actual performance and extensive discussion by the choreographer Daryl Gray. Included is a heart-warming "Billy Elliott" type story of a young boy that not only overcomes the objections of his father but turns him into one of his biggest supporters at the same time. This film is not only an informative look at the world of dance but often an entertaining look as well.