Graham Rolph and Lyse Rodier a couple in their late 50's from Plantagenet east of Ottawa were paired against Matt and Tamara 25 year old couple from Ottawa. The opportunity was a blessing in disguise for the younger couple as their respective parents were in disagreement about Wedding Plans for their 'children'. So much so that the frustrated couple were almost ready to elope to Jamaica and get married on the beach without their meddling parents. The two couples are allowed to meet for 5 minutes at the beginning but Wedding -Related discussion is forbidden ! Then each couple goes their separate way to make choices for the other couple at Flower Shops Wedding Cake Shops Exclusive Wedding Dress Boutiques Mens Wear Stores for the Tux and several different Venues to please their opposing couple -without knowing their personal preferences at all. Humorous scenes were taped around Ottawa and Plantagenet including one scene where Graham Rolph pretends to be trying on Wedding Dresses at the then prestigious Justina McCaffreys Wedding Dress Salon ! The fun continued as Graham tries to choose dresses with more sparkly embellishments for Tamara from the more expensive rack of dresses that were out of the show's budget ! Graham and Lyse earned one more point than Matt and Tamara and therefore the Grand prize-a Honeymoon in Cuba ! Tamara's fairy-tale wedding in the Grand Ballroom of the Ottawa Skyline Hotel ( now Crowne Plaza) was fit for a Princess and Lyse's outdoor wedding on November 23 risked a freeze-up from an impending snowstorm but the weather man cooperated just long enough. There was snow on the ground the next day ! A highly entertaining episode !! ( According to viewers around the world !) Each week random engaged couples were paired up from Toronto to Ottawa to Edmonton to prepare all of the details of their opponents' wedding; including choosing the Venue Cake Flowers Tux and the Wedding Dress! All without knowing the tastes of the opposition who are complete strangers! The one hour show concentrates on the comedic value of making very important choices for another couple and amateurs acting as Wedding Planners. The couple wins a point if their choice for the other couple coincides with their REAL (disclosed only to the producers) preferences.