Every woman has been a victim of sexual harassment regardless of her cultural social or economic background. To support such statement on Women's Week a studio-van was parked at different locations across both rich and poor neighbourhoods of Săo Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. The studio-van was made available to any woman who felt like sharing her story. Once inside they were left to themselves and were free to give their testimonies to the camera without the influence of an interviewer. A total of 140 women with ages ranging from 15 to 84 shared their stories: from strangers catcalling in streets buses and subways to rapes committed by relatives in their own homes when they were still children. The film which is part of a transmedia project is comprised of a significant number of testimonies and reflects upon an important part of the filming process: how did these women feel when they were telling their stories? We see moments of release intimacy and sometimes the opportunity to speak about the incidents for the first time. On Women's Week a studio-van was parked across nine different locations in the cities of Săo Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. The obective was to collect the testimonies of women who had been victims of any kind of harassment. A total of 140 women decided to tell their stories. The age of these women ranged from 15 to 84 from both rich and poor neighbourhoods with differences and similarities regarding the violence which occurs daily and which can happen inside homes in dark alleyways or in the middle of the street in the daylight. The documentary is comprised of a significant number of testimonies as well as exposing an important part of the filming process: how did these women feel when they were telling their stories? In these unaltered testimonies lacking interlocutors we see a moment of release an intimate moment or an opportunity for these women to speak about the incidents for the first time. In the exchanges between the women and the crew before and after the shoot we allow the audience to come into contact with the individual's reflections on her own story as well as on the project itself.