This is a coming of age documentary following a group of teenagers from an upper-middle class suburban East coast background as they travel to Mexico to build houses for the impoverished Inhabitants of Tijuana. The documentary explores the changes that these teenagers undergo as they experience poverty interact and build relationships with people from another Culture and socioeconomic background. The style is similar to American Teen and The Amazing Race. Each of the five students is different. Stephen is the high school musical star-soccer player who plays the trumpet and is active in Key Club. John 'Rocco' is the 16 year old high school football player who spends his time hiking in the Adirandaks playing poker and making art. Leslie is the 17 year old high school girl who has everything she could ask for and absolutely loves her 'puppy' Jack a 120 lb dog. Tim is a 17 year old cross country runner who is active in almost every club in school and is prided for his smarts. And E.J is the 19 year old College student who is active in Relay for Life and community service programs. E.J is a veteran on the trip and has participated in several Mexico mission trips before. This year he has been called up to take on the task of Student Team Leader and organize the construction of the Meza Team. During the course of the film each of the students changes as a result of experiences he or she has on the trip. The Espinoza group of Tim and Stephen had the opportunity to see the realities of poverty by building a house for 'The Grandfather' who was currently living in a one room shack next to the work site. The Meza group which contained EJ Leslie and John had the one in a thousand opportunity to build a house for Eduardo Meza a retired Mexican Luchador wrestler who is now a pastor. The relationship that each of the students built with Eduardo and his family was unique and life changing. Each of the students took away something that has forever changed their perspective on the world and their place in it. The documentary focuses on a group of 5 high school and college students 3 that have never been On this trip before and 2 who are returning veterans. It explores the emotional changes and Conflicts that ensue while living and working in rural Tijuana Mexico for a week. It focuses on the the lives of these students before the trip how they change during the trip and their reflections on how this experience has affected them after the trip.