Journey to a Miracle: Freedom from Insulin tells of a breathtaking cure for diabetes and the lives that were changed forever. It is an inspiring international journey with important Chicago connections. Journey to a Miracle is a rich story about scientific perseverance that has taken decades to write. Through painstaking research collaboration and heart an international team of scientists assembled pieces and eventually solved an intricate diabetes puzzle. This work resulted in a monumental breakthrough for many with genetic forms of diabetes. The bold journey made medical history to be sure but more importantly it created a life-changing miracle for those who have been able to break free from insulin dependence. This medical breakthrough has deeply affected everyone whose lives it has touched. The film weaves together the lives and stories of scientists and grateful families who hoped and prayed for a diabetes cure but never in their wildest dreams imagined it would come in the form of a simple pill. Families shared the devastating diagnosis of what doctors only knew to call type 1 diabetes. But thanks to the painstaking work of brilliant researchers they now share a new diagnosis and with it a switch in treatment from insulin injections to taking a pill. It is a heartwarming story that blends science with humanity in a way that is not often seen. And it is a journey everyone is calling "a miracle." The story of a breathtaking cure for diabetes and the lives that were changed forever. It is a rich and inspiring story about scientific perseverance resulting in a game-changing breakthrough for those with newly-understood genetic forms of diabetes. The journey made medical history but more importantly created life-changing miracles for those who have been able to break free from insulin dependence. The film weaves together the lives of scientists and grateful families who hoped and prayed for a diabetes cure but never in their wildest dreams imagined that it would come in the form of a simple pill. It is a heartwarming film that blends science and humanity with authenticity. Film makers worked closely with world re-known scientists to ensure accuracy.