Charles Robert is an American attorney who has spent his entire life fighting for his elderly clients in need of social security benefits. This leads him into a legal quest to uncover classified documents that will the government is spying on American citizens. However as he gets closer to the truth the government puts Charles in their cross hairs ruining his career with scandal and false allegations. His wife and two children support Charles in his legal battle with fast wit and love. Now in their forties his children have lived with their father's obsession for their entire lives. Real-world consequences pile up around Charles and family tensions are brought to the surface. The rabbit hole deepens when Charles discovers redacted CIA documents referring to him by a code name: SnowFlake #5391. The CIA will barely acknowledge the existence of these documents about him and fight tooth and nail for decades in the courts to withhold this evidence. Piece by piece Charles puts together a picture of a government working in the shadows writing laws in secret justifying unprecedented spying and information access. As the case takes over Charles's life his family worries that Charles is becoming unhinged. His wife Joan starts to work at the law firm taking it over after the government sets Charles up to take the fall in a major scandal. His jovial son Jay follows his father's footsteps to become a lawyer and helps his mother as she struggles to keep the family law firm intact. Jay struggles to support his father and as time passes he grows skeptical pointing out inconsistencies in parts of Charles's theories. Joan goes on to win the same award that Charles won years before a high honor in a field that still loves Charles as one of its founders and biggest activists of the elder law field. When the Snowden leak gives Americans their first peak into illegal surveillance Charles starts to look a lot less crazy. With Trump becoming president and artificial intelligence exponentially increasing access to metadata of every American citizen people are now realizing the dangers of the Orwellian nightmare Charles has long understood. Buckle up for a gonzo roller-coaster ride that spans from the Iran Contra affair to the Snowden Leaks to the Hilary emails. Step through the looking glass into the secrets of a turn-key totalitarian state that is quietly stealing information from the devices we all use in our everyday lives and leaking that information into the halls of the executive branch. Is Charles Robert aka SnowFlake #5391 absolutely correct totally insane or is he both? Log line New York attorney Charles Robert fights to prove the government is spying on American citizens with misappropriated social security benefit money stolen from his elderly clients. As his charming family supports Charles in his obsession they keep the family law firm from collapsing and continue to defend America's elderly and our basic personal rights. Short Synopsis Charles Robert is an American attorney who has spent his entire life fighting for his elderly clients in need of social security benefits. This leads him into a legal quest to uncover classified documents that will prove the government is spying on American citizens. However as he gets closer to the truth the government puts Charles in its cross hairs ruining his career with scandal and false allegations. His wife and two children support Charles in his legal battle with fast wit and love. Now in their forties his children have lived with their father's obsession their entire lives. Real-world consequences pile up around Charles and family tensions are brought to the surface. The rabbit hole deepens when Charles discovers redacted CIA documents referring to him by a code name: SnowFlake #5391. The CIA barely acknowledges the existence of these documents about him and fight tooth and nail for decades in the courts to withhold this evidence. Piece by piece Charles puts together a picture of a government working in the shadows writing laws in secret justifying unprecedented spying and information access.