Across the world millions of people have witnessed massive UFOs in our skies. They have not only seen the Alien craft but have experienced a phenomenon that utterly defies our current understanding of science and physics. The fact is there have been dozens possibly hundreds of UFO's that have crashed on Planet Earth. Mankind has witnessed these crashes communicated with the visitors even left our planet with them once they are able to return to their world. But the most shocking revelation of all is the reason why they come. In the modern age government and military factions move quickly to take over the crash area; remove all evidence large and small; threaten local authorities and eyewitnesses to never speak a word under the name of national security; then release a plausible cover story like a well-oiled machine. They recover technology so advanced that even though it has transformed our world much of it is still beyond their grasp. They also recover corpses and on several occasions live Alien beings often referred to as extraterrestrial biological entities or EBE's. Secretive military and black operations teams know WHY the UFOs are here. We the people however are constantly redirected by endless forms of information technology that serves as the supreme distraction. Why because there is a war out there in outer space a war that has been raging for centuries. SHORT - There have been hundreds of UFO's that have crashed on Planet Earth. Mankind has witnessed these crashes communicated with the visitors even left our planet with them once they are able to return to their world. But the most shocking revelation of all is the reason why they come - because there is a war out there in outer space a war that has been raging for centuries.
16923,Midnight Fighter (2018),drama,An old fighter resurfaces in a small town decades after his inexplicable disappearance. He shows up one day for a job as the new caretaker at an old fight studio co-owned by a young girl who's late father was an iconic fight trainer. He wears an expressionless mask and doesn't speak. He is trying desperately to make a comeback. She's struggling to pay the bills to make the renovations needed to keep the studio open for business. She's also desperately looking to enter a fighter into a local amateur contest with a $25000 prize. Together they become each other's only hope as they fall in love and the fearless bullies ruling the small town try and destroy them.
16924,Stanica obicnih vozova (1990),drama,In the fifties a young Belgrade teacher girl after finishing her school and by the Ministry of education order arrives to a remote town to educate people. Unready and inexperienced she fails in building a bridge between herself and the environment where she was brought against her will and conflicts start. The conflict with others soon causes the conflict with herself which causes the tragedy...
16925,Yeh Ishq Nahin Aasaan (1984),romance,Architect and Poet Salim Ahmed Salim lives in Nizamuddin India along with his widowed mother. He re-locates to Lucknow where he is employed with Shirazi & Company. This is where he meets his attractive neighbor Salma Khan and both fall in love much to the chagrin of her widower dad Hamid who had promised her mother that he will get her married to a wealthy man named Anwar. He instructs her not to leave the house and when she persists he sells the house and decides to re-locate to Lahore Pakistan. Salim attempts to stop them but Hamid assaults him and leaves him senseless. Salim does recover but takes to alcohol and a Courtesan named Phoolrani in a big way. His mother intervenes and compels him to get married to their new neighbor's daughter Sahira which he reluctantly does. Now trapped in a marriage with a woman he does not love Salim continues to frequent Phoolrani's brothel with hopes of being re-united with his estranged sweetheart - only to find that the seemingly demure Sahira will not let go of him that easily.
16926,Davros Connections (2007),documentary,Documentary look at the character of Davros in the TV Series Doctor Who. Features contributors from every Davros serial both on television and on audio. Features adventurous CGI plus four new scenes created especially for this documentary.
16927,Gromovy" (2006)