The Absence presents the complete history of "The Holocaust" featuring Survivors from the majority of countries where it took place. The film encompasses a historical narration of the events of World War II which led to the systematic destruction of the European Jewry and other minorities of the human race. "The Absence" describes how "The Final Solution" was implemented through recreated scenes of The Mass Graves Death Trucks Death Camps and Labor Camps. It presents a genuine re-creation of the Death Camps: Belzec Sobibor and Treblinka where no one was expected to survive. "The Absence" is enriched with relevant Archive Footage obtained from the important sources of the world. Artistic illustrations with musical and theatrical scenes bring messages along the film in which present and past are intertwined contrasting liberty vs. captivity. "The Absence" is a Historical Legacy for present and future generations. It presents The Holocaust in a universal context with lessons that embrace Humankind in the desire to strive for liberty and peace. HISTORY OF "THE ABSENCE" "The Absence" was conceived when Survivors met at the "Yad Vashem Venezuelan Committee" and opened their old wounds. The oldest Regina Hirshorn brought a well kept letter from her son stating: "This beautiful world is not for me"...for me they prepare trains that take me to my death in Belzec". Judy Rodan an orphan whose complete family was murdered in Auschwitz listened to their stories. She related them to her daughter Lizbeth who envisioned "La Ausencia" as it came to be. From then on film makers artists intellectuals worked on the realization of this educational non-profit project. Fifty college students interviewed Survivors. The re-created scenes are enacted by families of the Community and musical scenes are performed by diverse children of many ethnicities. "The Absence" is a living legacy in which students and teachers will contribute in preserving the memory of The Holocaust while learning the message of the survivors to benefit a world in peace.