A year ago Kelly Evans was 28 years old healthy and working as a professional actress and dancer in London. However suddenly without any symptoms or warning on 6th May 2015 she woke up with the left side of her body completely paralysed with no sensation or movement. Doctor's and physiotherapists said it was unlikely she'd ever walk again let alone dance or be able to have the acting career she'd always dreamed of and worked so hard for. As a result of this trauma a high dose of steroid treatment and the death of her mother on Christmas Day 2015 she fell into a deep depression doubtful if she'd ever walk again or be able to achieve the goals she had for her life. This is Kelly's story and documents her journey back to full health and function using a combination of DDP Yoga the Anat Baniel Method and acupuncture as she defies the medical profession by regaining 100% function her life and career back. Documentary following one girl's voyage from left sided paralysis to complete recovery in order to defy the medical profession and forge a career as an actress writer and filmmaker. A year ago Kelly Evans was 28 years old healthy and working as a professional actress and dancer in London. However suddenly without any symptoms or warning on 6th May 2015 she woke up with the left side of her body completely paralyzed with no sensation or movement. Doctor's and physiotherapists said it was unlikely she'd ever walk again let alone dance or be able to have the acting career she'd always dreamed of and worked so hard for. As a result of this trauma a high dose of steroid treatment and the death of her mother on Christmas Day 2015 she fell into a deep depression doubtful if she'd ever walk again or be able to achieve the goals she had for her life. This is Kelly's story and documents her journey back to full health and function using a combination of DDP Yoga the Anat Baniel Method and acupuncture as she defies the medical profession by regaining 100% function her life and career back. A year ago Kelly Evans was vibrant healthy and working as a professional actress and dancer in London. However suddenly without any symptoms or warning on 6th May 2015 she woke up with the left side of her body completely paralyzed with no sensation or movement. Doctor's and physiotherapists said it was unlikely she'd ever walk again let alone dance or be able to have the acting career she'd always dreamed of and worked so hard for. As a result of this trauma a high dose of steroid treatment and the death of her mother on Christmas Day 2015 she fell into a deep depression doubtful if she'd ever walk again or be able to achieve the goals she had for her life. This is Kelly's story and documents her journey back to full health and function using a combination of DDP Yoga the Anat Baniel Method and acupuncture as she defies the medical profession by regaining 100% function her life and career back.