The Wayfarer's Journey: Listening to Mahler is an exploration of the relationship between music and healing. It presents a parallel story between two icons from the world of music featuring the legendary composer Gustav Mahler and the renowned conductor Christoph Eschenbach. Although they lived during different eras separated by one hundred years both men experienced tragic childhood but were able to achieve healing and redemption through music. Additionally other participants are featured including Academy award-winning actor Richard Dreyfuss (as the voice of Mahler) Dr. Richard O'Reilly one of the leading pediatric oncologists from the Sloan Kettering Institute Dr. Balfour Mounta cancer survivor and founder of the Hospice movement in North America as well as the students from the Curtis School of Music. Together they affirm the healing power of music. Actress Kathleen Chalfant as narrator.
43290,Seven Days (2010),romance,Globetrotting architect Tim and savvy corporate communications manager May have only 1 week left to their wedding - and the rest of their lives together. But in these last crucial seven days of single-hood they learn more about each other than they've learned in the past 12 years of their relationship. Will this knowledge tear their marriage apart - or will it bond them tighter than before? In the mean time aspiring photographer Frank secretly carries a torch for the maid of honor - except that she's older more cynical and more successful than Frank is. Can Helen a high-flying chief financial officer fulfill her secret childhood dream of finding true love? And will Frank gather up the courage to finally reveal his true feelings for Helen? May's parents Richard and Sally have their own issues to settle when Richard's old flame Anita returns - threatening to destroy a 35-year marriage. Steadfast love or a passionate fling - which will Richard choose? As the wedding looms these three couples discover untold feelings for each other. Will there be a wedding? Will true love prevail? Or will any of the couples survive once the storm blows over? Only these Seven Days will tell.
43291,Shimeshi" (2015)