A six-part series that explores the lives and work of scientists around the globe. The series goes to the farthest reaches of the universe in search of black holes quasars dark matter gravity waves stars and evidence of planets outside our solar system. These celestial phenomena are explored through the perspective of the men and women who uncover the secrets of the cosmos. Part 1: "Where is the Rest of the Universe?" Astronomers are unable to account for nearly 90 percent of the universe's mass. Part 2: "Searching for Black Holes." Quasars are the cores of distant and extremely powerful galaxies hundreds of times more luminous than ordinary ones. Many scientists believe that a super-massive black hole is the only thing that can generate such incredible energy in such a small space. An international team of astronomers links six radio telescopes in Europe and America in order to look deep into the heart of one of these galaxies. Part 3: "A Window to Creation." How did the universe begin and develop to its present form? Scientists hope to unravel the mysteries of cosmology by studying the residual heat or "cosmic background radiation" from the original big bang. Two Berkeley professors go to Japan for the launch of a rocket that will record cosmic background radiation away from the effects of atmosphere absorption. Also featured is a demonstration of a 3-D galaxy mapping technique at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. Part 4: "Waves of the Future." Gravitational waves are ripples in the fabric of space-time. First described by 'Albert Einstein' (qv) these waves have yet to be detected or measured. Two theorists at Caltech speculate about gravity waves and build a prototype laser interferometer. Part 5: "Stardust." Stars are born they live and they die. Several astronomers investigate all three stages and the mysteries that surround the life cycle of stars. Part 6: "Prospecting for Planets." Are we alone in the universe? Some astronomers use telescopes to search for other planets that might promote life.