America is drawn to the macabre handiwork of the serial killer. From best sellers to movies and television there is an insatiable appetite for serial killer related material. Enthusiasts have taken this fascination into reality reaching out to the murderers through letters and visits gathering artifacts of the crimes and collecting serial killer art work. Filmed in the deep South COLLECTORS journeys into this strange compelling world to illuminate the outer limits of pop culture's fascination with murder and mayhem. COLLECTORS focuses on two of the country's premier serial killer enthusiasts. Rick Staton a funeral director in Baton Rouge Louisiana has started many serial killers painting; he was the exclusive dealer of America's most notorious serial killer John Wayne Gacy. Staton's extensive collection includes art and artifacts from such notable serial killers as Charles Manson Richard Ramirez and Henry Lee Lucas. Tobias Allen also a collector attained national exposure for creating a controversial serial killer board game later banned in Canada. Together Staton and Allen have curated several gallery shows of serial killer art work. COLLECTORS follows Staton and Allen on a road trip to Houston Texas for the opening night of an art show by Elmer Wayne Henley Houston's most notorious serial killer. In the early 1970's Henley and partner in crime Dean Corll carried out the sex murders of 27 children. Now serving multiple life sentences Henley was encouraged to take up painting by Staton. COLLECTORS provides a rare interview with Henley. A major news event the art show provoked protests from victim's friends and families. COLLECTORS documents the actions both the protesters and the buyers. Staton and Allen also visit the original crime scenes and spend time with Henley's mother. COLLECTORS elicits commentary from visionary artist and serial killer art collector Joe Coleman who has been called "America's premier portrait artitist of sociopathic murderers" and '"the only major artist to receive a ringing endorsement from Charles Manson." Harold Schechter a leading true crime writer and author of Deviant and The A to Z Encyclopedia of Serial Killers provides a road map to the psychic bond between the serial killer and the collector. COLLECTORS is a unforgettable documentary experience.