all is not what it seems Secret Agents - the term conjures up many images: Intrigue Sex Murder Lies War Clandestine meetings furtive glances intelligence and counterintelligence but above all suspense. Secrets and lies behind enemy lines. The secret history of history. SPY GAMES is a half-hour television series that blends the best of documentary and live T.V. to explore the tradecraft history and contemporary role of espionage. Every week we talk shop with real spies and get an interactive hands-on look at artifacts at the International Spy Museum in Washington DC the only facility of its kind. SPY GAMES' unique format is a combination of conventional documentary story-telling and live television debates and discussions. Each episode offers a fresh perspective on the world's second-oldest profession its secret missions successes and failures. It is an exploration of history through an exciting and engaging format designed to attract new viewers and challenge espionage aficionados. Exclusive Access Special Access Stories The International Spy Museum in Washington DC has partnered exclusively with SPY GAMES to bring you people and artifacts that have never have been seen before. For the first time experts from both sides of the Iron Curtain have come together and we have access to them along with the International Spy Museum's experts footage and artifacts. Revelatory new information and interviews through access to experts like: Oleg Danilovich Kalugin retired Major General in the Soviet KGB; General Claudia J. Kennedy (Ret.) U.S. Army Former US Army Deputy Chief of Staff for intelligence &; H. Keith Melton technical advisor to U.S. Intelligence services &;Admiral Stansfield Turner USN former Director of Central Intelligence &;Judge William H. Webster Director of the Central Intelligence Agency &;S. Eugene (Gene) Potea retired CIA Intelligence Officer ;David G. Major first FBI agent appointed to the National Security Council ;Antonio Joseph Mendez Central Intelligence Agency's former Chief of Disguise Jonna Hiestand Mendez retired CIA intelligence officer SPY GAMES has an unprecedented pool of interview subjects who until recently haven't been able to talk about their lives. We get to the bottom of their lives with anecdotes and stories which up until recently have been top secret.