Let Thy Food Be Thy Medicine And Thy Medicine Be Thy Food. - Hippocrates That is the message from the founding father of modern medicine echoed in this brave new documentary film brought to you by Producer-Directors James Colquhoun and Laurentine ten Bosch. 'Food Matters' is a hard hitting fast paced look at our current state of health. Despite the billions of dollars of funding and research into new so-called cures we continue to suffer from a raft of chronic ills and every day maladies. Patching up an over-toxic and over-indulgent population with a host of toxic therapies and nutrient sparse foods is definitely not helping the situation. In a personal quest of discovery James & Laurentine together with a film crew and the editorial and production expertise of Enzo Tedeschi have set out on an independent mission to uncover the wholesome truth. The filmmakers have interviewed several world leaders in nutrition and natural healing who claim that not only are we harming our bodies with improper nutrition but that the right kind of foods supplements and detoxification can be used to treat chronic illnesses as fatal as terminally diagnosed cancer. 'Food Matters' seeks to uncover the business of disease and at the same time explore the safe cheap and effective use of nutrition and supplementation for preventing and often reversing the underlying causative aspects of the illness. With the premise of the film being: access to solid information helps people invariably make better choices for their health. The 'Food Matters' duo have independently funded the film from start to finish in order to remain as unbiased as possible delivering a clear and concise message to the world. Food Matters. Food Matters explores the world of Orthomolecular Medicine and how it compares to traditional Modern Medicine. The documentary begins with talking about how our food travels many miles before getting to it's final destination and by the time we buy it it is at least a week old. The freshness of our foods have drastically changed throughout time. The health experts start with the issue of the soil crisis and how it lacks the nutrients for food to grow in a healthy natural way. Modern day chemists have found ways to optimize our crops for faster more efficient growth. Andrew Saul a therapeutic nutrition specialist and author of a famous Orthomolecular based text reveals to us many paradox ideas about raw vs. cooked foods. Cooked food has many effects on the the body. Later on David Wolfe a raw food nutrition expert introduced us to many of the world's unrecognized superfoods and how they positively contribute to our health. He suggests many alternatives to our daily diets. It was also mentioned that the medical field has a certain stigma about the use of vitamin supplements within their practice. The use of vitamins they said could reshape the economy of the medical field. The health experts linked many immune disorders to the everyday unhealthy diets of our society. Many of the health experts such as Ian Brighthope talked about how immune disorders have developed into a cultural anomaly that differs throughout the world. They mentioned the medical methods used today and how it presumably could cause unexpected health effects. Charlotte Gerson founder of the Gerson Institute then comes in to speak about cancer treatment and research and how it plays a role in the health of our society. Further education was stressed to find a solution to this worldwide epidemic.