The world's largest reggae archives are in a basement in Los Angeles Ca and are about to disappear forever. Follow Roger Steffens' Reggae Archives (The Largest in the World with over 300000 items) located in Los Angeles. Like Willy Wonka Roger takes us on a tour of the 6 rooms in his house and see some of the artifacts from the history of Jamaica's rasta and reggae culture and it's international successes. Not open to the public it is a popular destination for musicians researchers writers directors rastas and actors to hear unreleased Bob Marley Peter Tosh and see the whole history of revolution music's fight for equal rights in Jamaica and it's spread to the rest of the world. These archives are in danger of disappearing forever as Roger age 71 tries to find a permanent home for them in a race against time. We have followed Roger's efforts since 2001 featuring interviews with Carlos Santana Ben Harper Neville Garrick Bruno Blum and Wayne Chen as they discuss Roger's efforts and importance in reggae music and gives us a firsthand look into the struggles of revolution music to be heard. - It's like the Fort Knox of Reggae... if Bob Marley is Jesus then Roger Steffens is Peter - Carlos Santana The world's largest Reggae archives resides not in Jamaica but in a basement in Los Angeles. Roger Steffens has been collecting and archiving reggae and revolution music since the 50's and with over 300000 rare and unreleased items Roger is now the world's leading reggae archivist. Like a Willy Wonka of Reggae Roger's knowledge and archive is expansive and a tour of his archives transforms you into a world where music is a weapon. Where ideas can inspire a mind and change the world. It is a musical revolution HQ. Visiting Roger Steffens' Reggae Archives is entering rooms within rooms of albums tapes posters books and all forms of memorabilia. With as many unheard stories of reggae's history as albums in his collection Livicated takes you on a tour of the archives showing rare gems of music and hearing the stories that bring the albums and country's history to life. Roger's basement has become a destination for a non stop stream of visitors including: Chris Blackwell Keith Richards Carlos Santana Ben Harper Bunny Wailer Peter Tosh and also writers filmmakers musicians and Rastas from around the world show up weekly to research learn and gain a deeper understanding on Jamaican history and politics and how reggae led an international musical revolution. Books such as Catch a Fire:The Bob Marley story and box sets such as Songs Of Freedom Honorary Citizen and Cd's such as Peter Tosh:One Love Peace Concert were all from recordings only Roger has. Due to the collecion being in his basement it is not open to the public - until now. - Roger has preserved one of the most important music archives of all time. it's important that someone keeps it from being scattered all over it's an important job in every generation - Ben Harper