Shirley never imagined that she would receive a phone call saying that her husband Russ had been in a motorcycle accident and was on life support. She never really thought that she would have to deal with making decisions about the end of his life and especially so soon. A year later her best friend Liz joins her on a trip to Yosemite to support her husband's final burial request. Liz falls on the trail incurring a minor injury and dies three weeks later. All of these losses were completely unexpected. Shirley's story is our inspiration for making this film and it's too compelling to ignore. This film started out as a personal remembrance project for Shirley. But as we got further into making the film we realized this was a story that needed to be shared. Everyone has to deal with death at some point in his or her life. So we decided to make a short documentary in order to bring awareness about the importance of dealing with loss. It's a conversation that needs to happen because death IS a part of life. Everyone has to deal with the loss of a loved one at some point in life. For Shirley it happened unexpectedly when she received a call from the hospital that her husband Russ had been in a motorcycle accident. After being on life support and considered brain dead by the doctors Shirley was left to make final decisions about the end of his life. Although Shirley and Russ had made no formal plans for his burial she was determined to follow his wishes made in jest to "climb Half Dome in Yosemite National Park" to honor his passing. A year later her best friend Liz joins her on the trip to Yosemite and falls on the trail incurring a minor injury. Three weeks later Liz dies. All of these losses were completely unexpected and devastating for Shirley. This documentary began as a personal remembrance and a way to cope with her grief. As it progressed we all realized that this was an important story to be shared with the world that could bring awareness about the importance of preparing and dealing with death. It's a conversation that everyone needs to have because death IS a part of life.