Just days after the 2014 Maidan Revolution in Ukraine that led to the toppling of the country's corrupt president the country was invaded by Russia. Ukrainians of all backgrounds rallied to the country's defense creating a new sense of Ukrainian nationhood in the process. BREAKING POINT depicts these turbulent events at times heroic at times tragic through the eyes of people who lived them - a doctor a soldier a children's theater director a rabbi and an investigative reporter. The film follows the characters as they struggle to defeat the Russians and remake their own government. The outcome affects more than the future of Ukraine. As Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Anne Applebaum says "Ukraine has become a piece of a bigger struggle about the future of democracy. Can democracy even survive into the 21st century?" BREAKING POINT: The War for Democracy in Ukraine is an intimate look at the war and revolution in Ukraine through the eyes of ordinary people who risked their lives to create a more democratic equitable and independent country. Our principal characters are a children's theater director a doctor a rabbi a TV journalist an investigative reporter and a lawyer turned medic and her soldier husband. Their lives were transformed by the tumultuous three-month revolution on the Maidan which ended in the death of 123 protesters and the flight of corrupt President Viktor Yanukovych. When Russia retaliated by annexing Crimea and invading eastern Ukraine our subjects went to war to defend and remake their country. Our film depicts this intense and on-going struggle which has so far killed 10000 Ukrainians and displaced 1.9 million refugees. BREAKING POINT is the dramatic and inspiring portrait of people willing to give up their private normal lives to unite in a collective effort to bring the rule of law and democracy to their country. Their battle to wrest power from the autocrats and plutocrats who control their governments is a struggle that is being waged around the world from the Mideast to America. The outcome affects not only the future of Ukraine but the future of democracy throughout the world.