Lawless America...The Movie is all about exposing the fact that we now live in Lawless America. We no longer have laws that are enforced because judges do whatever they want to do. America has also become lawless because government officials are dishonest and/or corrupt. The movie will expose corruption in every state. The Movie will focus on victims. Corrupt judges and corrupt government officials will be exposed and we will confront a number of the crooks. If anyone has ever questioned the story of a person who has expressed the view that they were a victim of the government or of judges this movie will prove that the odds are that the corruption report was true. In fact there are probably tens of millions of victims in the United States who never realized what happened to them. The movie filmed victims from all 50 states and will include at least one victim from each state. Over 750 people have already been interviewed for the movie. The movie will present victims from all aspects of judicial corruption and government corruption: Children and Families Criminal Civil Guardianship Probate Court Attorneys Divorce Court Foreclosure Financial and Corporate Law Enforcement Voter Fraud Military Government Corruption and more. In addition to filming one documentary everyone filmed will be included in a special video featuring everyone from all over the country who has experienced the same form of corruption. The film will present an incredible cross-section of people. The victims include old and young a variety of races and ethnic origins cowboys and Indians good guys and bad guys employed and unemployed working and retired activists and pacifists incarcerated and free women and men husbands and wives married and divorced mothers and fathers grandmothers and grandfathers children and grandchildren alive and deceased able and disabled poor and rich honest and dishonest. Occupations include authors business owners psychologists healthcare administrators a tennis pro ministers meatcutter tattoo illustrator attorneys disbarred attorneys judges retired judges nurses doctors graphic designers motion picture producers concert promoters literary manager medical assistants machinists ink chemist forensic scientist electricians CEO of a computer company advocates private investigators a bounty hunter candidates for elected office house cleaners retired military personnel customer service agents software architects educators ranch owner accountants private law enforcement agents former secret service agent contractors students journalists government employees mortgage bankers health and fitness professionals beauty shop owners foster care manager electronics repairman legal assistants paralegals marketing professionals salespeople administrative assistants singers songwriters dentists energy consultant medical marijuana providers appliance repairmen compliance officers bankers artists human resources specialists engineers hearing aid consultant real estate investors school police officer actors actresses respiratory therapist environmental research scientist journalists refugees CEO of media company truck drivers insurance adjuster elder advocates documentalist elected officials emergency medical technicians teamsters university parking enforcement officer crime investigators grant writer for medical research property manager international airline captain foundation directors landlords Domino's Pizza driver debt collectors bus drivers caregivers mineral consultant jewelry designer municipal research consultant computer technicians legal researchers coaches martial arts instructor transportation coordinator real estate agents lab technicians cartographer director of medical research agency deli manager esthetician farmers land developers physical therapists occupational therapist multimedia design consultant dental hygienist Alaskan Malamute breeder construction workers information technician for the FCC microcap stock trader interior decorator accounts payable clerk entrepreneurs hospitality manager garage door contractor firefighters beauty pageant winner homebuilder AutoCad operator campground owner psychotherapist housekeeper biotech business development representative automobile painter home remodeler school administrators civil engineering assistant data processor politicians loan officers salvage diver prosecuting attorneys database administrator steamfitter designers massage therapist direct mail sales representative real estate appraiser television production specialist musicians corporate CEOs and a jack of all trades. The movie began as a project to feature victims. Bill Windsor was not to be in the movie. But an essential part of the movie has become the efforts of government entities to stop the film from ever reaching a movie theater.