Even as 40% of the world's labels are visible in the UAE's  there are very few local brands available in their mall-a-minute culture. UAE's Retail Explosion has been at the expense of its national brands. Local designers are sidelined & refused retail spaces. Challenging this economical and emotional servitude Emiratiennes question 'why the very fabric that wraps their inner faith is imported.' Zahra Rabia and Deeya take on a battle working in economically and intellectually weak environments seeking to go nurture national brands that erase socio-political baggage engulfing their veiled canvas. Defiantly open up dialog around the most controversial item of clothing- in a-post 9/11 world- the Arab Veils they are determined to lay a foundation for emerging Emiratiennes to embrace their individuality that shapes their emerging cultural identities. Refused opportunities in UAE questioning weak national policies on design education demanding retail infrastructure seeking support and subsidies to build national brands they work to create a democratic council. 2009 Dubai's downturn makes it less lucrative for International labels; now the onus falls on local labels to rise to rewrite a new fate with faith. Evocatively illustrated and artistically shot this documentary erases misconceptions through first person stories of three strong-willed women. Interviews with local leaders and educated Muslim women reveal a hereto unknown side In the land of Multitude where forty percent of the world's labels find a podium there are no local labels. UAE's Retail Explosion has been at the expense of its national brands. Local designers are refused retail space in Dubai's mall a minute culture. Challenging this servitude Emirati women dare to question why the very fabric that wraps inner faith is imported. Zahra M Rabia Z and Deeya N work in economically and intellectually weak environments shaping cultural identity of emerging Emiratiennes. Stirring visual debate on weak national policies for retail infrastructure and education launching a democratic council using creativity as a vehicle to usher change & veils as cultural armory they are the face of Arab Nationalism