John Zaritsky is determined to capture what he believes is the biggest and best story he's ever encountered. He's an academy award winning filmmaker and age hasn't shaved the edges off his journalistic impulses. Calling it the "swan song" of his career John embarks into production on a road trip and takes no prisoners - confronting the best and worst a documentary production can throw at the aging director. John first meets his crew in Liverpool England introduced by his cinematographer and longtime friend Michael Savoie. "When you're working with John Zaritsky your best move is to listen to what it is that he wants and try and help him get it" Michael confides to the camera. This turns out to be the best advice to hold to as the crew bear the 71-year-old's force of personality to complete his final documentary. Outrage drove John to finish his two prior films about Thalidomide's disastrous legacy and in making "No Limits: The Thalidomide Saga" it serves him one last time. John is a social justice crusader; and it's easy to admire his desire to defend the weak and downtrodden. But with John's total lack of regard for bureaucracy budget constraints or the 'authorities' the crew find themselves led by a man who's passions sometimes exceed their own. Dogged by long days language barriers and various production hiccups the people supporting his vision come to realize the cost of doing business with John Zaritsky. The chance to make a great film - the "big bang" as John calls it - is tempered by a level of devotion to a man who is frequently uncompromising on set. In this behind-the-scenes film documentary lovers are treated to a journey into the often underappreciated aspects of filmmaking. It begs the question: why would someone make documentaries when the process is so punishing? For John Zaritsky he appears incapable of doing anything else. Mr Zaritsky On TV is a candid funny portrait of a lion in the winter of his life as he tries to reclaim his place in the filmmaking landscape.