Divided 10 segments: A Rogue Idea: A recount of John Knoll's idea and pitch for the film looking at the early days of production hiring Gareth Edwards to direct Edwards' love for the series and building a collection of characters. Jyn: The Rebel: A closer look at the film's main protagonist: personality character history and what separates her from other protagonists from the Star Wars universe physical preparations for the shoot and more. Cassian: The Spy: Much the same as the previous supplement in terms of introducing the character and his history the qualities the character brings to the story and casting Diego Luna. K-2SO: The Droid: A look at the robotic character: his "anti C-3PO personality" character design Alan Tudyk's motion capture performance and the humor the actor brought to the set. Baze and Chirrut: Guardians of the Whills: The actors discuss landing and accepting the roles the characters' camaraderie individual character details faith and the force in the movie and the Star Wars universe and the actors' physical performances. Bodhi and Saw: The Pilot and The Revolutionary: The piece begins with Riz Ahmed's auditions and crafting the character the character's fate and making key sequences. It moves on to examine Forest Whitaker's character and his history in the Star Wars universe character definition and history Whitaker's preparations for the role and more. The Empire: A run through of key Imperial characters including Galen Erso Orson Krennic Grand Moff Tarkin and Darth Vader and the qualities (and in Vader's case the presence) their actors brought to their roles. Visions of Hope: The Look of Rogue One: Designing a world that's true and familiar to the Star Wars universe but still unique to the film. It explores set construction small design changes and the black stormtroopers. The Princess and The Governor: Digitally recreating two important characters. Epilogue: The Story Continues (1080p 4:15): Images from the film's premiere juxtaposed against fans talking up the film and the franchise. The piece ends with a selection of clips from the film.