A common sight in the streets of Dhaka Bangladesh is the parade of young women and girls going to and from work in garment factories. These girls who number about 2 million work in the most successful manufacturing industry that Bangladesh has. Their labour brings in the biggest proportion of trade income. Western fashion companies many of them household names source substantially from Bangladesh. Nevertheless the garment industry is faced with uncertainties and difficulties. Most pressing are issues concerning wages and safe working conditions future investment and the international trade environment. Symptomatic of these problems have been the long succession of factory catastrophes and the widespread worker disturbances of May and June 2006. How will the various stakeholders including the state the foreign buyers and the successful entrepreneurs respond to the challenges ahead? Will the industry lose its "sweatshop" image? If you have jeans and t-shirts in your wardrobe chances are some of them were made in Bangladesh. Indeed Bangladesh is now a major player in the global clothing trade. Starting from scratch in the early 70's it is now a multi-billion dollar business. It employs around 2 million people- 85 percent of whom are women. In total up to ten million livelihoods depend on this industry. This phenomenal rise came about because of the protection afforded by the Multi-Fibre Agreement of 1974. Basically that allowed new producing countries to come into the scene and excluded the "old" producing countries. In terms of hard currency the industry is now Bangladesh's most important one bringing in around 76 percent of the country's total export earnings. But the story is not all rosy. There have been about three thousand deaths in garment factories through fires and collapsed buildings. Wages are the lowest of any textile producing country and workers have a long list of complaints besides wages health and safety. In May and June of 2006 worker frustration resulted in serious rioting and the destruction of property. Some people were killed. Bangladesh Rifles were deployed. It was a wake up call for this industry. Consumers in the West are also waking up and consciousness around the issue of "sweatshops" is much greater. There is pressure on the retailers to engage in what is called "ethical trading"- a demand for buyers to ensure the factories they source from are compliant with the national and international labor codes. Bengal once had a vibrant and renowned textile industry in the 17th and 18th centuries. Now that it has again risen is it prepared to sustain itself in the future and to face the many challenges international trade poses?