About youth decountrifying and attitude toward life. Julia and Patrick - living-together careful to each other couple have to face the approaching change. Artur - self-confident world curious egoist works as a coach and barista at the same time. Vacillating between his choices he reaches the point when his world must be defined anew. Maria - professionally fulfilled actress running away from any relations rebuffs every act of closeness. In their world there is no place for great ideas. Nation identity politics or economy are meaningless terms regarding what matters for main characters - defining one's self through non-committal human tensions and intensities. The spectator peeks at them in seemingly trivial situations and finds out what is the titular tenderness for each of them. He may observe how the confluence of events and decisions are leading to an ending full of contradictory emotions. In life snapshots of the four main characters which alternating fates are portraying a world of noncommittal dynamic relations there are shown different 'tendernesses' towards challenges of the life and people around. Sensitivity naivety naturalness healthy distance from oneself a sense of humour the closeness or also an egoism - every extension of the meaning of tenderness is inseparable connected with creating a special atmosphere. An atmosphere is a catchword for the central idea of the film. Going along the aesthetic track of Gregory Crewdson's photography using the stereoscopic space the intension of the movie is to take by a spectator an attitude of an almost fixed 'motionless' observer. The form of the film is referring to the natural human perception in the form of one (physically) point of view to the world. Acting besides creating the visual space it's an important component of the film - it was managed to gather a cast full of drama personalities. Harmonious fusion of many production challenges (among others stereoscopy long takes whether sound design) is aimed at leading the spectator into the unusual state of aggregation in which experiencing other dimension of watched history will be possible.