An emotionally broken woman Kathy suddenly finds herself homeless after her house is wrongly repossessed and auctioned. Seeking respite from his marriage Lester a sympathetic sheriff's deputy comes to the aid of Kathy and becomes intimately involved in her situation. Soon Behrani a proud emigrant Iranian and his family move into the house only to find their new lives burdened by harassment from Lester and Kathy as they attempt to reclaim her former home. The once prosperous colonel denies Kathy's pleas for he knows his recent purchase promises a profitable return and a better future for his adolescent son and his wife. But latent consequences lie beneath Behrani's well intentioned plan as Kathy's emotions spiral out of control and her actions spark a tragic chain of events that will leave no resident unscathed in the House of Sand and Fog. Massoud Amir Behrani an Iranian immigrant has spent most of his savings trying to enhance his daughter's chances of a good marriage. Once she is married he spends the remaining funds on a house at an auction unwittingly putting himself and his family in the middle of a legal tussle with the house's former owner. What begins as a legal struggle turns into a personal confrontation with tragic results. House of Sand and Fog is the story of an Iranian political refugee family who are in struggle for a better life in the United States. Amir Behrani who was a colonel in Shah's regime spends most of his savings on a fancy wedding ceremony for his daughter. Once she is married he purchases a house in auction in the hope of making a profit by selling it for a higher price. Behrani's goal is to spend the money he earns from selling the house to achieve his dream of building a place like the villa they used to have in north of Iran and save the rest of the money for his son's education. However Kathy who was the former owner of the house and lost it mistakenly charged for unpaid taxes steps in and makes the life difficult for them. She meets a policeman and starts a relationship with him. To help Kathy get the house back the police officer threatens the Behrani family with deporting them from the country if they do not leave the house. The struggles for the house lead to a tragic end. Kathy is an emotionally unstable and neglectful woman evicted from the house she inherited from her father when she is mistakenly charged for unpaid taxes. After the immediate auction the house is sold in a very low price to the Iranian Colonel Behrani a refugee who sees the chance to give some stability to his family and make a profit in the resell of the property to raise money to send his beloved son to the university. Kathy has a relationship with the abusive officer Lester who tries to force the family leave the place ending his attempt in a tragic way.