Peter Donaldson a young lawyer cherishes an idea to win fame and fortune as a barrister by representing only the right and supplying to the poor legal talent impossible to secure with their finances. With his savings almost exhausted he determines upon suicide. Professor Barstow a chemist and college friend of Donaldson's invites the lawyer to his laboratory to witness the end of an experiment with a mysterious poison which is supposed to act fatally exactly seven days from the time it is taken leaving no trace or clue. To Donaldson's amazement he sees the dog selected for the test drop dead at the end of the seventh day. Fascinated he steals some of the poison and returns to his home. There he drinks the poison at twelve o'clock noon on June 1. Immediately after he engages a suite at a fashionable hotel and invests a good part of his savings in a wardrobe. Then he enters a high priced café. Ellen Arsdale and her brother Ben arrive for dinner. The nervous actions of young Arsdale attract Donaldson. He scents something unusual and follows him. Arsdale sends his chauffeur into the hotel on an errand and with his sister in the car starts away at a rapid speed. Donaldson succeeds in jumping on to the running board and finally overpowers Arsdale and stops the machine. Then he is told by Ellen that her brother is suffering from opium the curse of several generations of Arsdales. Donaldson accompanies them home where Ben succeeds in escaping. At Ellen's urgent request Donaldson pledges himself to find Ben. He enlists the aid of his friend Police Inspector Saul and then begins a search of Chinatown. During the night the home of Ruth Chester a friend and neighbor of the Arsdale's is robbed. Detectives find a handkerchief left by the thief embroidered with the initials "B.A." This evidence is presented to Inspector Saul and he concludes that Ben is the thief. Donaldson and Ellen go to the Arsdale country home the following day believing that Ben had gone there. They detect the odor of opium as they enter. It leads them to the attic where Donaldson is attacked in the dark. Before he recovers the assailant escapes. Unsuccessful the company returns to New York. Exhausted Donaldson goes to his hotel and sleeps through twenty-four hours without waking. On dressing he is handed a note from Ellen stating that Ben has returned home secured more money and again escaped after saying something about "Wun's place." This is a Chinatown den previously visited by Saul and Donaldson. The young suicide hurried to Mott street and in Wun's parlor finds Ben stupefied by drug. He takes him to his hotel. Then he notifies Ellen. Then Donaldson discovers that he has fallen in love with the charming young girl and is about to declare himself when he recalls the death awaiting him. He leaves suddenly without offering to explain his strange conduct. Next morning learning that Ben is to be arrested for the robbery Donaldson confesses that he committed it and is arrested. In his cell he writes a farewell note to Ellen expressing confidence in Ben's ability to overcome his weakness. This letter was delivered by Saul at Donaldson's request. Marie the Arsdale housekeeper hears Saul give his name and title to the maid and flees to the attic where her son Jacques is in hiding. Confident that Saul is there to arrest him Jacques attempts to escape. Ben overhears the noise and captures him with Saul's assistance. The inspector searches Jacques and finds part of the jewels stolen from the Chester home. Triumphant he takes Jacques to headquarters and frees Donaldson. Almost crazed with remorse over his act in taking the seven day poison Donaldson returns to Barstow's laboratory. While awaiting Barstow's arrival he discovers hiding under a settee the dog whose death he had witnessed seven days before. Barstow arrives and explains that the poison failed. "Let me have him'' Donaldson pleads. "He has taught me the value of life." Taking the dog in his arms he returns to the hotel and begins packing his things. There Ellen and Ben find him. Ashamed now of his cowardice Donaldson hesitatingly explains about the poison. Ellen's affection prompted by sympathy increases while Ben begs Donaldson to help him with his strength and determination in his fight against the drug.