Miss Dove is a strict disciplinary plus a well respected teacher who has inspired her students to individual greatness. One day during class Miss Dove experiences great pain in her back but continues with the class. After class she asks one of her students who is staying after class to get a doctor. Thomas a doctor and a former student of her's takes her to the hospital and hospitalizes her. While in the hospital her former students rally around her causing Miss Dove to reflect on her past. In the small town of Liberty Hill most of the current generation of children to young adults have been under the tutelage of the same Cedar Grove Elementary School Geography teacher middle-aged spinster Miss Dove who has taught there for fifteen years. Most in town even those that are too old to have ever had Miss Dove as a teacher treat her with respect to her face but mock her behind her back because of her proper no-nonsense and regimented "Miss Dove knows best" ways and her strict stern and somewhat cold attitude and demeanor. During one of her classes at a crucial time in the school year before state-wide proficiency exams Miss Dove begins to suffer severe lower back pains and numbness in her limbs. During her hospitalization awaiting the diagnosis Miss Dove reflects back on her life including: the reason she never married despite being considered a catch for any man when a young woman when she did receive a marriage proposal specifically from then aspiring archaeologist Wilfred Pendleton III who she loved; the reason she became a Geography teacher in Liberty Hill despite having no plans to become such beforehand or plans to return to the town to live after her stint away at college; and a specific incident with her father's former business partner John Porter regarding a bank run. But she reflects most on her relationships with her past students including: Tom Baker who has ended up being her physician on this case in the absence of her own doctor; Virginia Baker Tom's pregnant wife who was going through emotional distress just one year earlier; Officer Bill Holloway who grew up on the proverbial wrong side of the tracks; Billie Jean Green née McVay who came from an uncultured background and is now Miss Dove's day nurse at the hospital; Maurice Levine a Polish-Jew who knew no English entering her class as an immigrant at age 11 but who went on to become a Broadway playwright; and Fred Makepeace whose stealing of apples to give to her when he was a child was an early sign of becoming a convict as an adult. They in turn reflect on how Miss Dove has influenced their life. But as her life threatening diagnosis becomes known and news of it spreads the residents of Liberty Hill demonstrate their true feelings for the terrible Miss Dove.