Young and athletic John Peabody is sick of city life and visits his uncle's lumber camp and is put to work although his uncle will not recognize him as a nephew. But after John wins a lumber-sawing contest and subdues a drunken brawl among the lumberjacks his uncle "Wolf" John is pleased and announces him as his nephew and as a future partner. John falls in love with with Belle and adopted daughter of his uncle. Another lumberjack "Bull" Bart is also in love with her. "Bull" quits and goes to work for a rival company where he plans to sabotage John's work on the big King Pines job which would forfeit "Wolf" John's rights to the timber. However all of "Bull's" efforts are for nothing and he challenges John to a gunfight duel in the street. John Peabody an athletic young man tires of city life and goes to his uncle's logging camp in search of adventure. His uncle "Wolf John" a rough giant of a man thinks his nephew an effeminate youth and refuses to recognize him although he gives him a job. When the young man wins a lumber sawing contest and later subdues a crowd of lumberjacks engaged in a drunken brawl the uncle announces he will make him a partner in the firm. Peabody falls in love with Belle the adopted daughter of "Wolf John." "Bull' Bart foreman of the camp also is in love with her. He is the crude unscrupulous type of the backwoods and hates Peabody with all his soul because the girl favors him. Bart quits the lumber camp and takes a place with a rival concern. He and his men constantly interfere with Peabody who succeeds to the foremanship in the hope of making him forfeit the right to a certain timber tract as the contract calls for a time limit in clearing it away. Peabody foils him at every turn and goaded into a fury Bart stalks Peabody in an attempt to kill him. He is wounded in a gun battle between the two factions but Bart is driven away. Later the two meet face to face and then comes the battle to death. Peabody proves the better man and slays the man who boasted he would kill him on sight. The camp troubles finally are over and Peabody has proved to his uncle he is a real man. He wins to the partnership and Belle confesses her love for him.