Las Vegas. Any given Friday night. The girls of the Sin Pit at the Rapture Casino are the sexiest dealers in town pumping cards piling chips and pushing dice at one of the hottest spots around...and the customers are loving every minute of it. One of the favorites is Kora a beautiful single mom who dotes on her precocious 9-year old son Josh. When Josh is diagnosed with leukemia Kora's world comes crashing down. The relief she finds at learning the illness was caught early enough to cure is quickly smashed at being informed the experimental procedure needed won't be covered by the company health insurance. The ladies appeal to their boss casino owner Dean Belding to approach the insurance company on Josh's behalf. Despite promises to do his best they learn that Dean makes no effort to help and even makes callous remarks about the dying boy and his unwed mother. Kora's friends rally around her and Josh but even pooling their resources they can't come close to the $200000+ needed for the procedure. One of the dealers a party girl named Aero comes up with a wild idea to raise the money they need. They appeal to Dean again this time asking that he allow them to make and market sexy Playboy-style calendars to sell as a fund-raiser at the upcoming property-wide pajama party. Since he's not asked to put up any money and finding himself pressed into an uncomfortable spot he agrees to let the ladies try to push their product at the big event. Days before the event begins Dean gets his first look at the calendars and pulls the plug on the fund-raiser claiming the photos are "too sexy" and might create negatively publicity or get the property in trouble with the uptight state gaming commission. Everyone close to Dean appeals to him to reconsider but his mind is set. The fact that a child's life hangs in the balance doesn't seem to faze him in the least. Desperate and depressed Kora and her friends decide only one option remains - steal the money they need to save Josh's life. After a little debate and a lot of planning the main five girls are on board and have laid out their scheme to liberate money from Dean Belding's Rapture Casino. The big weekend arrives and the complex heist is put into play. Possible prison time is put from their minds as the life of a child hangs in the balance. Unbeknownst to the others one of the girls is withholding information and one of the people recruited to help isn't what he seems. In fact he works directly for Dean but where his loyalties lie is anyone's guess...