The Albino's Trees my second feature film focuses on an animal of rare appearance that is hiding in the deep forest. This animal is believed to be a god of the mountain by the local village people who are trying to preserve a perspective on nature that they have held since ancient times. On the other hand the people of the larger neighbouring town have embraced modern life and they see the animal as evidence of contamination that needs to be eradicated. Should we revere and protect that which lies beyond common sense and knowledge or should we exterminate an unknown which might cause us harm? It is not easy to answer definitively and in any given period of history humans find themselves on either side of this divide fighting and even hating one another in order to protect their positions and their way of life. In this movie amidst the conflict over the life and death of an animal that is the heart of the drama I tried to express the importance of thinking about others. This is something that I think we're losing sight of living in societies full of confrontation rejection and intolerance caused by differences of culture or ideology. I would be glad if people who watch this movie feel a sense of the profundity and abundance in nature and in human life. Yuku is a hunter who works for animal damage control programmes in the mountains of central Japan. In order to afford the medical bills for the treatment of his mother's illness he accepts a lucrative contract to kill a rare white deer that lives in the forest by a remote village and whose presence is thought to undermine tourism in the region by the neighbouring town's bureaucrats. As he ventures into the village however he discovers that the animal is venerated as a god by the local community which lives in a state of semi-isolation from the rest of society. While assessing his ethical responsibilities in undertaking such a task he gets closer to inhabitants of the village facing their conflicting emotions as to whether they should keep living as "outsiders". Yuku who hunts and get rid of wild beasts for a living accepts an offer of a job which will pay a lot of money and goes to Mt. Yorigi which used to have a mine. There he learns the beast which is supposed to be his target is called White Deer God and worshipped as a mountain god in an age-old village under the ruins of the mine.