In the weekend after thanksgiving 1973 the Hoods are skidding out of control. Benjamin Hood reels from drink to drink trying not to think about his trouble at the office. His wife Elena is reading self help books and losing patience with her husband's lies. Their son Paul home for the holidays escapes to the city to pursue an alluring rich girl from his prep school. And young budding nymphomaniac Wendy Hood roams the neighborhood innocently exploring liquor cabinets and lingerie drawers of her friends' parents looking for something new. Then an ice storm hits the worst in a century. Things get bad... Thanksgiving 1973. We meet two dysfunctional families living in New Canaan Connecticut. The Hoods are Ben and Elena and their children Paul (16) and Wendy (14). The Carvers are Jim and Janey and their teenage sons Mikey and Sandy. Ben is having an affair with Janey. Paul spends most of his time at boarding school but is coming home for Thanksgiving. Wendy and Mikey are in a relationship of sorts. Sandy is infatuated with Wendy. One night all their relationship and family issues reach a tipping point. It is Thanksgiving 1973 and the climate is changing politically and physically. As the Watergate scandal unfolds in the background the inhabitants of New Canaan Conneticut begin to slip into an existentialist void wherein social taboos are shattered on whims and the line between adult authority and juvenile irresponsibility is practically nonexistant. Focusing on two families in particular the Hoods and the Carvers "The Ice Storm" chronicles a brief period of rapid moral deterioration as the characters shatter their social "roles" in pursuit of meaning and satisfaction within an environment turned inwards on itself. As the narrative device of an "Ice Storm" builds up around them the actions of the characters - including adultery sexual experimentation drug use and petty crimes - become increasingly unpredictable and impulsive. Once the "storm" hits though reality sinks in and the severity of their situation becomes all to apparent in its bitter and resonating aftermath.