Yatra is a journey of a person whose claim to fame is interrupted by his past which comes in the way of his present. Yatra comes across a strong subject that of a prostitute and its presence in the minds of the people. Dasrath Joglekar is a renowned writer on his way to Delhi to receive the prestigious Literary Award. On the way he meets one of his ardent fans Nakul Vaid who is a filmmaker by profession and is devoted to Dasrath's pieces of writings. They discuss about the novels that Dasrath has written and dig the past by striking a conversation about one of his famous novel's Janaza. Lajvanti is a prostitute and Janaza is all about her. After receiving the award Dasrath moves on to explore the life of Lajvanti yet again. He starts for his hunt without informing anyone from his family. As far as Dasrath's memories go Lajvanti used to perform mujras in Mehndi Galli. People from every part of the society used to assemble here to blow away their part of naughtiness. Time has changed and so has Lajvanti. She is now Miss Lisa and mujras have been replaced by popular filmi songs. Lajobai gets a shock when she finds Dasrath in front of her. She treats him by singing some of the finest melodies of the past. Things take a toll when their lives play a small turn around. Dashrath Joglekar a bit of an eccentric lives an upper middle-class lifestyle in Hyderabad along with his wife Smita daughter Sohini son Yaman and widowed mom. He has authored a number of short stories and a novel 'Janaza'. The Government of India decides to felicitate him with Hindi Literary Award and invites him to Delhi. He decides to travel by train and meets with a film-maker Mohan Bhardwaj who decides to make a movie from 'Janaza'. Both discuss the novel at great length including the main characters namely Courtesan Lajwanti who was living with Pulla Reddy and Satish a schoolmaster of Rajgaon Adilabad and his wife Sharda. At New Delhi he is received by Program Coordinator Priyanka Sen with whom to travels to pay homage to Mahatma Gandhi at Raj Ghat. That night he receives the award and makes a moving speech decrying today's regressive times a lack of love and respect and corruption of young minds by violent video games. The next day his family receives a phone call from Priyanka informing them that he is missing and that an F.I.R. has been registered with the New Delhi Police. The Joglekars must now try and find out where Dashrath is and why he did not inform them of his whereabouts.