Shanku a sober but stubborn orphan lives with her maternal uncle a bachelor in a slum. Her sole dream is to marry a millionaire. According to her a girl gets only one chance to change her name in life and that is after her marriage. Shaku's uncle Damodar works as a cook for Mr.Laxmikant Kuber a renowned industrialist whose son Naren has just returned from abroad after completing his studies. At a party thrown by Mr. Kuber for his son's homecoming Naren tells his friends his views on marriage. His only condition is that he will marry a young widow which Shaku overhears. With the help of Tatya Mazumdar Shaku poses as a young widow Saudamini and enters the Kuber residence. With the help of theatrical antics she soon wins over the hearts of Mrs. Kuber and Naren who ask her to live in the house. As days go by Naren falls in love with her and Mr.Kuber asks Saudamini for her late husband's photo. Again with the help of Tatya Mazumdar Shaku shows him a photo of a military Captain and tells his name as Capt. Bajirao Rangade. Lukutuke a clerk who works for Deshmukh is in love with Hema Mr. Deshmukh's daughter. Mr. Kuber asks for Hema's hand in marriage for Naren. One day when Kuber visits Deshmukh at his office he bumps into Luktuke who he recognizes the Capt. in the photo Bajirao Rangade. A plan begins to take shape in Kuber's mind. Shaku lives with her uncle Damodar and dreams of marrying a millionaire Naren Khuber is son of a millionaire Laxmikanth Khuber and his parents want him to marry soon but Naren wishes only to marry a widow Laxmikant wants him to marry Hema daughter of his friend Deshmukh but Hema is in love with Luktuke a clerk in her father's office.Shaku finds that Naren is willing to marry only a widow she comes across him as a widow Saudamini and tells her husband Bajirao Rangade died during a war slowly they both start falling in loveLaxmikanth finds no truth in Saudamini's story he meets Luktuke in Deshmukh's office ans asks him to enter his house as Bajirao Rangad dead husband of Saudmini.