Believing that over-civilization was destroying the race Eli Tapper an eccentric millionaire took two unrelated orphan children a boy and a girl and placed them in a wilderness there in the care of an old tutor David Winters to grow up as a new Adam and Eve and become path-breakers of a better race. In delightful simplicity and educated as much as they could be without contact with the world the children attain the age of nineteen years. Mrs. Tupper-Bellamy society leader lives in costly splendor against the day when she hopes to inherit her brother millions. She plans to marry her daughter Clarice to Seymour Purchwell society idler of standing and also an attorney. Purchwell makes it plain that the marriage can occur if Eli Tupper's fortune goes to the girl and her mother. When Tupper dies the sister and her set learn for the first time of his odd experiment. His will provides that the sister must take Adam and Eve into civilization in order to win an annuity of $50000 a year. The orphans are heirs to the rest. Purchwell sets out to find them. He locates the Eden of the boy and girl and old Winters and is literally the serpent in the garden. Winters resents leaving but a clash between Adam and Purchwell decides him. Plunged amidst the whirl of social affairs Eve is delighted. Adam is disgusted with the sham and deceit of society and pleads with her to return to Eden. She refuses. Winters takes him to Paris to study. Purchwell seeking the Tupper fortune turns his attention to Eve. Clarice is in a frenzy of affection spurned and after finding the two alone she accuses them before the whole house party. Eve in her innocence does not readily grasp the meaning of the charge. When it dawns on her she faces the guests and in her bitterness denounces them as tools of passion and greed and announces that she will give up all and return to Eden. With old Winters she returns. Adam is recalled from Paris and the girl and the boy now awake to their love together with their beloved guardian give up the world.