The story is based on the life of Zubaida an educated girl who belongs to a poor family. Her father is under debts and finds an aged person who is ready to pay him Fifty Thousand Rupees for marrying his young daughter. Father marries off his daughter by force locking her in a room. Zubaida accepts it as her fate and tries to make up with him but the man is illiterate and has no respect for her. He mistrusts her beats and snubs her all the time. Sick of such a life she tries to commit suicide by jumping in the sea but is rescued by Rafiq a camel man who keeps her in his home and then marries her out of love. She pretends to have lost her memory and doesn't remember anything about her past. They both live happily except her mother in law scolding Rafiq for not working and earning enough to run home due to her. But story gets a new twist when her first husband watches her alive out in the town when she is bringing grocery. He follows her and blames her that instead of committing suicide she ran away with her lover. He approaches the people in authority in town. Rafiq denies of his allegations and is not ready to accept what he is hearing is right. The case goes to the police station where first husband brings her father the cleric who recited the wedlock between them and wedding witnesses. But still he cannot prove her as his wife. The case goes to area jury where they ask the girl to swear upon Holy Book about her truth of life. She hesitates initially but then confidently faces the situation and tells the truth to the jury and her second husband. The jury asks her to go back to her first husband and declares her second marriage illegal. Her second husband leaves the venue after knowing the truth. But she doesn't want to go with her first husband and resists in going with him. She goes back to Rafiq's house and waits to see him the last time but he doesn't come back. Next day her first husband comes again and divorces her in front of some area people. She then finds Rafiq at sea shore where he is sitting alone and tells him that she is back because her first husband has divorced her. Rafiq is angry at her because she lied to him about her past life. She gets disappointed from his attitude and threatens him to do suicide again. Rafiq reveals on her that he has given his camel to her first husband to pay off the money which he gave to her father and that's why he has freed her. She is once again in love with him and he also accepts her apology and both start a new happy life. The story is based on forced marriages topic. Zubaida was forced by her father to marry a person double of her age uneducated and illiterate without her consent. Her father sold her for fifty thousand Rupees to pay her debts. Her husband was a narrow minded and jealous person who beat her so hard and doubted her of cheating. She then tried to commit suicide by jumping into the sea but was rescued by a camel owner who married her later on. Zubaida became Shahnaz and pretended to lost her memory and married her rescuer who loved her unconditionally. First husband saw her and came back with her father and witnesses to get her back. He needed his money back which was paid off by Rafiq in the form of his loving camel to save his love of life Shahnaz.