Detachment is a chronicle of three weeks in the lives of several high school teachers administrators and students through the eyes of a substitute teacher named Henry Barthes. Henry roams from school to school imparting modes of knowledge but never staying long enough to form any semblance of sentient attachment. A perfect profession for one seeking to hide out in the open. One day Henry arrives at his next assignment. Upon his entry into this particular school a secret world of emotion is awakened within him by three women. A girl named Meredith in his first period. A fellow teacher Ms. Madison and a street hooker named Erica whom Henry has personally granted brief shelter from the streets. Each one of these women like Henry are in a life and death struggle to find beauty in a seemingly vicious and loveless world. In Director Tony Kaye's Detachment Academy AwardŽ winner Adrien Brody stars as Henry Barthes an educator with a true talent to connect with his students. Yet Henry has chosen to bury his gift. By spending his days as a substitute teacher he conveniently avoids any emotional connections by never staying anywhere long enough to form an attachment to either students or colleagues. When a new assignment places him at a public school where a frustrated burned-out administration has created an apathetic student body Henry quickly becomes a role model as a teacher who actually cares about the well-being of these students. In finding an emotional connection to the students but also fellow teachers and a runaway teen he finds that he's not alone in a life and death struggle to find beauty in a seemingly vicious and loveless world. Henry Barthes is a high-school substitute teacher emotionally detached from everyone but his grandfather. When he was a seven year-old boy he saw his mother committing and he is a traumatized and sad man. Henry is assigned to work for one-month in a decadent public school and along this period he meets the teenage prostitute Erica on the streets and he brings her to his apartment to take care of her. In his class he feels affection for the troubled student Meredith and tries to help her. These adolescents change his emotions toward people.