In Los Angeles the eleven year old Anna Fitzgerald seeks the successful lawyer Campbell Alexander trying to hire him to earn medical emancipation from her mother Sara that wants Anna to donate her kidney to her sister. She tells the lawyer the story of her family after the discovery that her older sister Kate has had leukemia; how she was conceived by in vitro fertilization to become a donor; and the medical procedures she has been submitted since she was five years old to donate to her sister. Campbell accepts to work pro bono and the obsessed Sara decides to go to court to force Anna to help her sister. Anna Fitzgerald was conceived via in vitro so that her parents could have a genetic match and donor for their older daughter Kate who has leukemia. But after years being tested and prodded Anna decides to take her parents to court herself so that she could be emancipated from them when it comes to anything medical. But her mother refuses to it so the whole thing goes to court. And it nearly tears the family apart. Using the latest medical technology Anna Fitzgerald was conceived in vitro and was genetically created to be a perfect match donor child for her sister Kate who has leukemia. Now at 11 years old Anna seeks the help of Attorney Campbell Alexander to gain medical emancipation from her parents more specifically her mother Sara. Anna brings to the attention of everyone around her that she matters too. She has helped keep her sister alive for 11 years has gone through multiple medical procedures and surgeries but she draws the line at donating her kidney. Sara the girls mother is beside herself with anger and only sees one side... how to keep Kate alive at all costs. After Anna files a lawsuit against her parents Sara decides to take this matter to court so Anna isn't emancipated and has to help Kate. Will Anna win the legal medical emancipation lawsuit and be free to decide what is done to her body? Or will the judge decide Anna is too young? Bigger question is... will this be decided in time to save Kate?