August 1999 The days of the Total Solar Eclipse. A rundown villa on the edge of the sea is transformed into a dogs' home which frequently also provides shelter for chance visitors. The lady who owns it was once a famous opera singer who now shares her loneliness with an old friend. Her extravagant shows are a daily occurrence for the visitors. Every year she plays out her own death like an opera performance the date of which has been predicted by a famous clairvoyant without specifying the year. Every new visitor becomes unwittingly involved in these performances. One evening a 20 year-old boy turns up at the home. The singer falls in love with him and tries in every way possible to attract his attention. Her elderly friend tries in Vein to overcome his burning envy. The conflicts between the main characters become more and more cruel while the performances of the singer become madder and madder and more and more humiliating. She drags an elderly tramp that makes a living imitating Charlie Chaplin into her cruel game. The boy who has no idea about the passions he has unleashed is also drawn into the performance. However he is wounded by events and he tries to find refuge in the drugs and alcohol of his peers who have pitched their tents on the beach. The two elderly inhabitants of the home remain alone face to face with hatred love and death. There is only one gesture left - that of friendship towards the dogs. Bozhana - in her young day a famous opera singer - has transformed her cottage at the seaside into a boarding house for dogs. Her whims and extravagances constantly drive her old friend Philip (a retired doctor) and occasional visitors to distraction. One of them is Victor who came with some friends to watch the eclipse. He is 20-year-old has no home and no future. Bozhana falls in love with him and takes every single step to seduce him. Philip starts feeling lonely and becomes jealous. The situation leads to a series of conflicts where characters can't hide the cruelty in their acts. Finally somebody has to make a first step. Philip has decided to leave and Victor finds solace in alcohol and drugs with his peers. But is it easy to break away so suddenly from people whom you love and hate at the same time?