Teen Taal is based on the true story of 'Attar Singh Chowdhary' a struggling musician living in Delhi India. Set in the 1970's and the present day the film inter cuts between his life events and also his real son 'Gaurav Chowdhary's journey. Having mastered the art of Tabla and classical music Attar faced many obstacles in life to take his music forward. Passing away at the age of 53 Attar left behind an unfinished dream. However in his life he managed to teach his eldest son Ravi Shankar his music style and also pass on his knowledge about the art of living to his youngest son Gaurav. Using the knowledge their father gave them Gaurav and Ravi go on a breathtaking journey with the help of their friend Alam to achieve what their father couldn't do. Facing several obstacles Gaurav manages to represent Delhi in memory of his father in a classical music competition where the best talent from across India battle it out on stage. Teen Taal is a rich inspiring film with beautiful scenery and heart touching music. With themes to relate to & moral messages about the important aspects in life this a film suitable for all especially music lovers and families who have faced such struggles. Teen Taal is based on the true story of 'Attar Singh Chowdhary' a struggling musician living in Delhi India. Set in the 1970's and the present day the film inter cuts between his life events and also his real son 'Gaurav Chowdhary's journey. Having mastered the art of Tabla and classical music Attar faced many obstacles in life to take his music forward. Passing away at the age of 53 Attar left behind an unfinished dream. However in his life he managed to teach his eldest son Ravi Shankar his music style and also pass on his knowledge about the art of living to his youngest son Gaurav. Using the knowledge their father gave them Gaurav and Ravi go on a breathtaking journey with the help of their friend Alam to achieve what their father couldn't do. Facing several obstacles Gaurav manages to represent Delhi in memory of his father in a classical music competition where the best talent from across India battle it out on stage. Teen Taal is a rich inspiring film with beautiful scenery and heart touching music. With themes to relate to & moral messages about the important aspects in life this a film suitable for all especially music lovers and families who have faced such struggles.