Troy Maxson makes his living as a sanitation worker in 1950s Pittsburgh. Maxson once dreamed of becoming a professional baseball player but was deemed too old when the major leagues began admitting black athletes. Bitter over his missed opportunity Troy creates further tension in his family when he squashes his son's chance to meet a college football recruiter. Like most families everyone has personal demons or secrets that they try to either suppress or conceal in hopes of retaining a sense of normalcy. The movie sheds light on various themes such as family dynamics personal truths and above all the power of forgiveness. Fences is a film about an emotionally damaged man who struggles with his past while at the same time trying to provide for his family. However as we dive deeper into the story of Troy Maxon suppressed emotions and family secrets that were once concealed are now brought to light and tests the family dynamics of the Maxon family. Pittsburgh mid-1950s. Troy Maxson is a sanitation worker working a shift with his best friend Jim Bono. Troy has been happily married to Rose for 18 years and they have a teenage son Cory. Regularly popping in and out of their lives is Gabe Troy's brother who suffered brain damage while fighting the Japanese in WW2 and Lyons Troy's 34-year old son from a previous relationship. Troy was a baseball star in the late-1930s playing in the Negro League and still bears a grudge for his not being able to play Major League Baseball. He projects this and other experiences onto everyone around him particularly Cory who has the potential to be a football star. More than just influencing Cory's career prospects (adversely it appears) Troy has a larger-than-life impact on the lives of everyone around him. With his dreams of becoming a successful professional baseball player and one of the first coloured athletes in the sport cruelly crushed 53-year-old Troy Maxson a working-class toiler who struggles to make ends meet working as a garbage collector in mid-1950s Pittsburgh is now reduced to an embittered patriarch. But still Troy is also a proud high-spirited man who is devoted to his wife for 18 years Rose streetwise and tenacious enough to have the future of his family planned and protected under the roof of their humble and hard-earned house. On the other hand although this may be true Troy has well-kept skeletons in the closet which coupled with his suppressed emotions stemming from the town's racist past prevent him from allowing anyone to benefit from everything that he was denied including his very son Cory an aspiring college football player. Sometimes we build fences to keep others out while other times we build them to keep ourselves in.. "Fences" deals with the life of Afro-American family under very tough financial circumstances in 1950s. Troy Maxon tries his level best to provide a better lifestyle to his family. He does a job of trash collector. His past haunts him and affets his present life.