Haunted by a supernatural vision Daniel "Red Tears" Patterson a half-Navajo working as Deputy Sheriff uncovers a plan to enslave his people. Framed for murder and on the run Daniel must come to grips with his troubled past his threatened present and his divinely-marked future if he and his daughter are going to survive. In Stake Town Arizona things are far from quiet. As the Deputy Sheriff Daniel "Red Tears" Patterson uncovers a plot to enslave his people -- the Dineh-- in a money making scheme. Behind it all: the Sheriff of the town -- a White Supremacist. At the same time Daniel is haunted by dreams of supernatural origins: he is called to go to the U.S. Senate and deliver a message to encourage the passage of "The Resolution of Apology" between government and the Native Peoples. Unsure as to whether the dreams are motivated by his daughter launching a petition for the U.S. Senate to pass the "Resolution of Apology to the Native Americans" Daniel considers the message. The Sheriff soon discovers that Daniel is on to him. After his patrol one night Daniel is called to an abandoned warehouse. He is trapped beaten and left for dead by the Sheriff's men. But two things happen the Sheriff didn't expect. First Daniel in self-defense kills one of the Sheriff's men. Secondly Daniel is aided by a supernatural encounter and makes his way home. When he arrives he sends his daughter and her boyfriend -- the Sheriff's son -- to the Navajo reservation for safety. The Sheriff quickly realizes that Daniel is not dead and goes after him. But Daniel escapes to the Reservation. And on the reservation the Sheriff can't touch him. With ties to Washington DC the Sheriff makes up a phony manslaughter charge against Daniel. But for the time being he can't get to him. Now amongst family Daniel is forced to face a painful past and come to grips with his Native heritage. All the while looking into the illegal mining and slave trade the Sheriff and his Washington cohorts have engaged in. The Sheriff is a formidable foe. And before Daniel knows it he is lured off the Reservation by the Sheriff and his men. Even after a brutal beating Daniel is able to break out of his cell free his brother-in-law and save his daughter and boyfriend. In a final face-off Daniel has no choice but to gun down the Sheriff and end the painful feud. But his ultimate destiny still awaits him. Through supernatural intervention Daniel finds himself in Washington D.C. and before the Senate of the United States. But can he fulfill the dreams that have been chasing him all this time?