The film is a partially fictionalized representation of the environmental disaster caused by the misuse of endosulfan pesticide in Kasaragod District of Kerala in India. This disaster was caused by nearly two and a half decades of endosulfan use on government-owned cashew plantations. The film explores the disastrous environmental and public health consequences of the pesticide misuse. It also concentrates on those health-related effects of endosulfan misuse that persist to this day. The film depicts the after-effects of the pesticide spraying through the eyes of a photographer. His first visit to the area was during a rainy season in 2001 and his photographs revealed the shocking state of the numerous victims to the world. Endosulfan-induced misery gained worldwide attention due to this exposure. When the photographer visited the area again in summer 2006 many of the young victims he had photographed during his earlier visit had been dead. Even now children are being affected with strange and debilitating diseases. In 2011 the Stockholm Summit of UN on Persistent Organic Pollutants (POP) recommended a total ban on endosulfan. India was the only country that opposed this decision. A year later in 2012 the photographer returned to Kasaragod. He realized that apathy and indifference to the plight of these unfortunate victims persisted and that the survivors continued to suffer. The film is a partly fictionalized presentation of the pesticide tragedy occurred in KsaragodKerala in India. The aerial spraying of endosulfan a highly toxic pesticide on cashew plantations owned by the f Kerala government for more than 25 years affected the people as well as the environment.This produced disastrous effects in the health of the people especially children being born with birth defects .The land the water the flora and fauna had turned toxic and continue to affect human health even today.The film depicts the aftereffects of the pesticide spraying through the eyes of a photographer.