As a young man Emile left his Saskatchewan farm life behind to head to university in Britain with his brothers the older brusque and controlling Carl and the younger sensitive Freddy left to run the family farm. This move was despite Freddy showing greater potential and thus probably benefiting more from academic life. However Carl wouldn't allow Freddy to leave because of his mechanical expertise which was required to tend to the farm equipment. Emile vowed to return but never did which affected Freddy the most. Now in early retirement Emile still living in Britain travels to Victoria Canada to accept an honorary degree from the university there. In Victoria he decides to stay with now deceased Carl's grown daughter Nadia and Nadia's ten year old daughter Maria. Emile had never made any attempt over the years to connect with Nadia or Maria who only really know him by name. On the surface to Nadia Emile's visit is purely a need on his part for a free bed while in Victoria this feeling which is fostered by her last encounter with Emile when she was a child. Despite a rocky start Emile may be able to reconnect with the family through Maria as Nadia and Maria go through issues of their own most specifically regarding Nadia's recent break-up with Maria's father and their resulting relocation to Victoria from Vancouver. A broad stylistic combination of cinema verité and magic realism the film follows Emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last living relatives: his niece Nadia and her daughter. But Emile's past is sometimes more familiar and immediate than the world before his eyes. As he tries to re-discover the family that he abandoned long ago he is forced to confront the anxieties in his memories - the family he betrayed and abandoned at the expense of his own happiness. Now in the twilight of his life Emile shapes the final chapters of his mental autobiography. Will he become an uncle and great-uncle surrounded by the love and support of a family or will he retreat into his world of memories and lost opportunities?