An intelligent boy is grown up with a supernatural power to see into the past. When he was young he had a vision of bringing dead people to life and giving human a second chance. Not knowingly Father and Son just unlocked a gateway into the world of hell.
29695,Mortuary (1983/I),horror,Christie Parson has been having terrifying nightmares ever since her father drowned in a swimming pool. Christie's mother believes this was a tragic accident but Christie believes he was murdered. Then her boyfriend Greg Stevens sees a sinister hooded figure in the town's mortuary the same figure that was following and harassing Christie. Greg's and Christie's curiosity plunders them into a series of bizarre and terrible circumstances at the mortuary a dark and ghastly place managed by Hank Andrews and his son Paul. Christie will soon discover the ghastly truth behind her father's death but in doing so she may not live to see the morning.
29696,Canberra (1968),documentary,Come with us to a city of light and grace a meticulously planned metropolis-the symbolic heart of a nation. Enter new Parliament House...uncover the myth and meaning of its design...from the gathering of Aboriginal clans depicted in the mosaic of the Forecourt...to the marble columns of the Foyer reminiscent of a refreshing eucalypt forest. Experience the mood of old Parliament House now a museum of political history...and the Australian War Memorial shrine to fallen war heroes. Discover the impressive architecture of Canberra's High Court the National Library the Science and Technology Centre...and the many unique embassies. Visit Cockington Green a surprising slice of England in miniature... the National Aquarium largest synthetic salt water aquarium in the Southern Hemisphere...and the Australian National Botanic Gardens a treasure trove of native plants. Recapture a bygone era at Lanyon Homestead...view waterbirds in the vast wetlands of Tidbinbilla Nature Reserve and frolic in the snow of Thredbo and Charlotte Pass. We take you to Cooma Jindabyne and Mt Kosciusko...and then to the annual Floriade in Commonwealth Park...all this and more in Panorama Australia's superb video of Canberra.
29697,Special Forces: Untold Stories" (2002)