Bruce Beresford-Redman a producer for the hit reality show Survivor takes his wife Monica and their children on vacation to Mexico in an effort to salvage his crumbling marriage after he is caught cheating. But when Monica is found strangled to death the police soon look to Bruce as their number one suspect. As his wife's friends and family start to turn on him and even his own friends become suspicious Bruce faces extradition to Mexico to stand trial for her murder. Based on a True story. April 2010. Angelenos 'Bruce Beresford-Redman' (qv) a television producer of such shows as _"Survivor" (2000)_ (qv) his wife restaurateur Monica Beresford-Redman and their two adolescent children Katie and Miles Beresford-Redman are vacationing at a Cancun resort. The vacation is partly to celebrate Monica's birthday but more a step to repair Bruce and Monica's marriage she trying to get over his infidelity with coworker Hilary Sanders. Since Monica found out about the infidelity two months prior she had been close to filing for divorce in her belief that Bruce still has feelings for Hilary and on Monica's sister Elena Sardo's assertion that he is bound to cheat again. But she decided to give him a second chance on the inherent belief that he is both a good father and a good man. One day while on vacation Monica is purported to go into town to go shopping but never returns. Bruce reports her missing both to the resort and local police. Soon thereafter her dead body is found on the resort property she obviously murdered as she was strangled and was found in a sewer pipe. Beyond Bruce and Monica's marital problems which are well known to their friends and family back in Los Angeles the local police gather enough evidence to want to charge Bruce with the murder. Beyond truly believing him to be the murderer the police have ulterior motives in wanting a quick charge issued. Bruce has his own scant theory of who killed Monica. Information pertaining to the case is presented which leaves the viewer choosing for him or herself whether justice truly was served in what actually happened in real life.