Severine is a beautiful young woman married to a doctor. She loves her husband dearly but cannot bring herself to be physically intimate with him. She indulges instead in vivid kinky erotic fantasies to entertain her sexual desires. Eventually she becomes a prostitute working in a brothel in the afternoons while remaining chaste in her marriage. Severine Serizy happily married to a handsome young surgeon goes to work in a house of ill repute actually an intimate apartment. The money involved is less the motivation than the pretext for her action. Pierre her husband provides for her material needs handsomely but his respectfully temporizing caresses fail to satisfy her psychic need for brutal degradation a need first awakened by a child molester when she was eight. To preserve a facade of marital respectability Severine works at her obsessive profession only afternoons from two to five the mystery of her matinée schedule causing her to be christened Belle de jour. In Paris the bored and frigid upper-class housewife Séverine Serizy is married with the handsome doctor Pierre Serizy and she fantasizes kink sex with strangers every now and then. Pierre's friend Henri Husson and his wife Renee are frequently meeting Pierre and Séverine and after having lunch together Renee tells to Séverine that their acquaintance Henriette is working in a whorehouse and Husson gives the address of a high-class brothel in Paris. Séverine visits Madam Anais in her brothel and is hired to work from 2:00 PM to 5:00 PM with the nickname "Belle de Jour". The young client Marcel has a crush on Séverine and becomes her prime client. However when Husson discovers that Séverine is working in the whorehouse she decides to quit the job. But Marcel does not intend to loose her. Séverine and Pierre are a young relatively newly married Parisienne couple in a comfortable upper middle class life. They are outwardly in a loving happy marriage which belies the fact that she more often than not rejects his romantic and sexual advances in the bedroom. He tolerates her rejections in his love for her. Although she tells him of the benign situations of her many dreams she doesn't tell him of the details which always include he controlling and humiliating her in some form of sexual dominance. She does not know why she rejects him sexually or why she has such dreams. She learns from various sources that one of her distant married friends a woman by the name of Henrietta works as a prostitute in a high end brothel which she didn't know even existed. Although initially uncomfortable with both the thought and the actual actions of having sex with strange men for money Séverine is nonetheless drawn to work in such an establishment. In doing so Séverine may be able to exorcise some demons in her life but perhaps not at others' expense in the process. A beautiful young woman Severine lives with her husband but their marriage has never been consummated. She has a series of sexy daydreams where she fantasizes about various sado-sexual encounters. When she hears that an acquaintance works as a prostitute she too enters a brothel where she works only in the afternoons returning to her husband every evening. Initially shy and a bit reluctant she eventually comes into her own and is a favorite of the establishment's many customers. Her life take a turn when a hoodlum Marcel falls in love with her and wants her all to himself. In Severine's world however reality and fantasy are not always obvious.