He is a plain estate agent who lives his uneventful life in the anonymous suburb of an unspecified city. Indeed such a showing of "compulsive ordinariness" conceals his predicament of autistic isolation. Therefore as he attempts to make up the illusion of an ideal world he daily puts on a pantomime of the "perfect neighborhood" which is painstakingly staged by a group of paid walk on people. While such an artifice seems to help him fulfill his unexpressed love dream a harsh overwhelming reality forces him to give up his illusions and eventually get in touch with the imperfect human dimension. The Plastic Cardboard Sonata is a story of urban loneliness featuring lyric suggestions in the context of a paradoxical frame. By means of an accurate use of silence it sketches out the essence of daily life malaise. The inspiration of The Plastic Cardboard Sonata was originated by the wish to portray a phenomenon which our eyes have figured out and our lives have directly experienced: the solitude of a new kind of middle class suburbs which have recently stood out in the outskirts of Rome. We felt the urgency to show how those places slipped out of our control. Such places where human relationships are pervaded by material interest and boredom common spaces are inexistent architectural settings rule the way people face to one another - as department stores have substituted for squares. All the new Roman outskirts just look identical: a nowhere land populated by single individuals who do not match together although they feature the same stories. They are far cry away from Pasolini's crowd - with their humane authenticity - not only from an imaginative and social point of view. We had very scarce means to implement our project but a strong motivation: the available budget only amounted to 16.000 Euro. Therefore The Plastic Cardboard Sonata is a bet against all odds - at least with respect to the cinema standards we are accustomed to. It is a harsh and dystopic narration which abhors sentimentalism and falsification; thereupon in spite of its pervading lyricism no predicted happy ended is provided. It is an exploration through the spiralling depth of solitude which has no end or starting point just like the protagonist's story - as "empty and waste is the sea".