Jasmine French used to be on the top of the heap as a New York socialite but now is returning to her estranged sister in San Francisco utterly ruined. As Jasmine struggles with her haunting memories of a privileged past bearing dark realities she ignored she tries to recover in her present. Unfortunately it all proves a losing battle as Jasmine's narcissistic hangups and their consequences begin to overwhelm her. In doing so her old pretensions and new deceits begin to foul up everyone's lives especially her own. The former socialite Jasmine travels from New York to San Francisco to stay in the simple house of her sister Ginger that lives with her two sons. Jasmine was married with the successful businessman Hal who fell in disgrace for being considered a crook and committed suicide in prison. Jasmine is completely broken and mentally unstable with recollection from her previous social life and uses anti-depressive along the day. Jasmine does not approve of Ginger's boyfriend Chili that she considers a loser the same feeling she had with Ginger's ex-husband Augie. Jasmine has no profession to work and support herself and she accepts the position of receptionist in a dentist's clinic. When Jasmine is invited to a party she asks Ginger to go with her. Ginger meets the sound engineer Al that she believes is a better catch than Chili. Meanwhile the gold-digger Jasmine meets the diplomat Dwight and she believes she will advance in her social position. Jasmine from New York who lives in a fashionable society moves to San Francisco to live with her sister after she is completely broke and having issues of nervous breakdown. Jasmine is struggling with her past memories but she wants to put aside all those haunted memories and wants to start a new life just from the scratch but in doing so she chooses the path of deceit and fouls up everyone's lives. When she was younger Jasmine who changed her name from Jeanette dropped out of college to marry Hal a single father to infant Danny. Because of Hal's financial standing from his business ventures Jasmine had never had to work. They broke up when Hal went to prison for his white collar crimes about which Jasmine was somewhat oblivious as it did not pertain to her at-the-moment happiness. Those crimes resulted in them losing all their money. The loss of money ended up being only one of the issues in the marriage. Hal was able to commit suicide in prison while Jasmine unable to cope with her new penniless lot in life had a nervous breakdown her emotional instability manifesting itself in heavy drinking and she often talking to herself about the happier times without she knowing she is doing so. While Jasmine and Hal were living the high life in Manhattan Jasmine had no time for her San Francisco residing working class sister Ginger - both Jeanette and Ginger having been adopted into their family - and Ginger's handyman/mover husband Augie who aspired to owning his own contracting business. Ginger and Augie have also since split largely due to money issues they having invested $200000 in what they now know was one of Hal's fraudulent ventures. Following her hospitalization Jasmine makes the decision to move in with Ginger and her two adolescent children in San Francisco until she gets back on her feet however long that may take. A question is if Jasmine can mesh her lack of skills with her grand visions for herself while maintaining some sense of sanity. Another question is what effect Jasmine being back in her life will have on Ginger especially regarding Ginger's relationship with her current boyfriend Chili a mechanic who wants to marry her but who Jasmine sees as just the latest in Ginger's choice of loser boyfriends. After her marriage to a wealthy businessman collapses New York socialite Jasmine flees to San Francisco and the modest apartment of her sister Ginger. Although she's in a fragile emotional state and lacks job skills Jasmine still manages to voice her disapproval of Ginger's boyfriend Chili. Jasmine begrudgingly takes a job in a dentist's office while Ginger begins dating a man who's a step up from Chili.