Kane and Abel are born on the same day the same year on each side of the Atlantic. William Kane is born in one of the richest families of Boston and grows up to be a banker on Wall Street. Abel Rosnovski is born in the Polish countryside and has to spend many years in Siberian prison camps before he travels to New York and eventually creates one of the world's largest chains of hotels. The confrontation between these two men both striving for power and success will make the finance capital of the world tremble. Willam Kane and Abel Rosnovski are two men whose paths were destined to meet and would change their lives forever. Kane is the son of a prominent Boston banker Abel is the multilingual son of a Polish baron who grew up a peasant but was taken in by the Baron not knowing that he's his father. Kane's father dies when he is very young his mother marry Henry Osborne while still not really over husband's death. William feels that something's not right about him and he's right; Osborne in addition to sleeping with other women is taking money that is rightfully his mother's and William's. After his mother dies William tells Orborne not come near him again or else. Abel would be caught by the Russians and sent to labor camp he would escape go to Turkey and then go to America. There he becomes the protégé of a hotel magnate. When the Great Depression of 1929 occurs his boss is wiped out and the bank that he borrowed money from is foreclosing on his hotel his boss kills himself. And the bank is Kane's bank. When Abel goes to see him he tells him that there's nothing he can do even though he opposed the foreclosure. Kane then swears that he will make Kane and his bank pay for what happened. Abel would get an ally from Osborne who tells him his account of what happened between him and William. And when William hears that Abel has aligned himself with Osborne he vows to get them. But Abel soon after received a loan that enables him to save the hotel and expand it. The lender would provide the money but would not be able to reveal to Abel until the death of the lender. As years go by both Kane and Abel are successful but bitter enemies. Abel gives Kane a hard time over the years. Eventually their children meet and get married. Both are opposed to the marriage......