Two sisters have arrived in New York straight from the country and settle down in one of those boarding houses for single women. May the older is a bit naive while June the younger is much more worldly and world-wise. The next day they go out looking for jobs and June makes sure her older sister gets one while she snags herself a job and a saxophone playing beau named Pat Kelly. May also finds a beau Boyd Wheeler a young lawyer with a degree from Harvard. While June enjoys herself and the presents she gets from Kelly May falls more and more in love with Boyd and rejects a proposal from her boss archaeologist Dr. von Schrader who then fires her. Without a job May is free to spend even more time with Boyd despite her sister's warnings. She is heartbroken when she learns that Boyd has gotten engaged to a society girl. June does her best to comfort her sister and decides to ask Dr. von Schrader to hire May again. Since von Schrader has fallen in love with June he rehires May who asks him to honor his proposal which he does. A week before the wedding June learns that Boyd's engagement is off and tells him to stay away from her sister. Of course he doesn't listen and May is just as much in love with him as before. She reveals to June that she is pregnant and June decides it's time for a shotgun wedding. Afterwards when she tells Dr. van Schrader that his wedding with May is off he reveals that he has been in love with June for a while and they become a couple as well. Two sisters have arrived in New York straight from the country and settle down in one of those boarding houses for single women. Mae the older is a bit naive while June the younger is much more worldly and world-wise. The next day they go out looking for jobs and June makes sure her older sister gets one while she snags herself a job and a saxophone playing beau named Pat Kelly. Mae also finds a beau Boyd Wheeler a young lawyer with a degree from Harvard. While June enjoys herself and the presents she gets from Kelly Mae falls more and more in love with Boyd and rejects a proposal from her boss archaeologist Dr. von Schrader who then fires her. Without a job Mae is free to spend even more time with Boyd despite her sister's warnings. She is heartbroken when she learns that Boyd has gotten engaged to a society girl. June does her best to comfort her sister and decides to ask Dr. von Schrader to hire Mae again. Since von Schrader has fallen in love with June he rehires Mae who asks him to honor his proposal which he does. A week before the wedding June learns that Boyd's engagement is off and tells him to stay away from her sister. Of course he doesn't listen and Mae is just as much in love with him as before. She reveals to June that she is pregnant and June decides it's time for a shotgun wedding. Afterwards when she tells Dr. van Schrader that his wedding with Mae is off he reveals that he has been in love with June for a while and they become a couple as well.