Jan Schlichtmann a tenacious lawyer is addressed by a group of families. When investigating the seemingly non-profiting case he finds it to be a major environmental issue that has a lot of impact potential. A leather production company could be responsible for several deadly cases of leukemia but also is the main employer for the area. Schlichtmann and his three colleagues set out to have the company forced to decontaminate the affected areas and of course to sue for a major sum of compensation. But the lawyers of the leather company's mother company are not easy to get to and soon Schlichtmann and his friends find themselves in a battle of mere survival. Jan Schlittman (Travolta) agrees to represent eight families whose children died from leukemia after two large corporations leaked toxic chemicals into the water supply of Woburn Massachusetts even though the case could mean financial and career suicide for him. Jan Schlickmann (Travolta) is a cynical lawyer who goes out to "get rid of" a case only to find out it is potentially worth millions. The case becomes his obsession to the extent that he is willing to give up everything - including his career and his clients' goals in order to continue the case against all odds. Jan Schlichtmann is a successful lawyer whose practically his own entrepreneur. He's a humble bachelor with a nice car a nice house and a career that has amassed huge rewards. Not to mention being the founder and practice of the lucrative law firm he runs with his Boston partners all in a case's settlement. However when the families of deceased children sue a giant food conglomerate with the accusation of their companies are responsible for poisoning their children and afflicting them fatally with cancer. Jan comes to the rescue thinking it's one more case he can easily knock out of the park and make a fortune as well as a name for he and his firm. With a class action lawsuit to file Jan willingly puts himself and his firm as representatives of those families. However it's one case that could ruin Jan: his pride his ambition and ultimately his career. As the pressures of the case begin to take their turn on both the prosecution the defense as well as the families Jan is about to realize that he has taken on the biggest case of his life and there is a price to pay.