Respected City-College Professor Sagar Bhardwaj moves from Bombay to a scenic hill-town Nilaghari to complete his college project. While there he resides with his sister her husband and their daughter. He attends a dance program only to be introduced to the dancer Anjali Mehra - his luck hold out and he also gets to meet Anjali's twin sister Geeta only to fall in love with her and they get marry. After the marriage the couple is blessed with a daughter whom they decided to name Sagarika. Things started to go hay-wild when Sagar is accused of sexually molesting one of his female student Kaveri Saxena in the college library. The principal Ghosh then decides to suspend Sagar while Geeta walks away only to move in with Anjali. Anjali then attempts to amend things between her sister and husband by living in with Sagar only to find out that Geeta is killed during a dance program by a bomb explosion. Time is running out on Anjali and Sagar as they must find out who kill Geeta as well as punish the person(s) responsible. Sagar Bhardwaj is a well-respected Professor in City College Bombay. While doing a project on Ajanta and Ellora caves he travels to picturesque hill-station Nilaghari and meets with his sister her husband and their daughter Jaya. While going to a dance show performed by Anjali Mehra he is asked to get her autograph which he does but on a condition. This condition does land him in hospital for several weeks and also gets him to meet Anjali's twin sister Geeta. Both fall in love with each other and get married. Soon Geeta gives birth to a daughter Sagarika. Then their world turns upside down when Geeta finds out that Sagar is having an affair with a female student Kaveri Saxena. Subsequently Kaveri complains to Principal Ghosh that Sagar had attempted to molest her after hours in the college library. As a result Sagar is suspended Geeta leaves him and goes to stay with Anjali. When Anjali finds out she goes back to Bombay in Geeta's place to find out what the truth is. She does find out the naked truth but then comes the devastating news that Geeta has been killed in a bomb explosion while performing on stage. The question remains who killed Geeta and how is Anjali going to explain her presence to Sagar and Sagarika.