It's a story of a young girl who was brought up in prostitution business area of town and was taught to dance and sing. She was famous for her voice and beauty. One day she went outside the barn for dancing in a birthday party and there after watching the bond of a mother and child she wished to become a mother. Her so called mother didn't want her to have baby but she insisted and in the end the mother decided to sell her for prostitution. Her musician was a humble man and had soft feelings for her. He told Kajal the truth about her mother's plan and they both ran away leaving the barn in dark. They shifted to another city got married and started their new life. After some time they were blessed with a baby girl  whom they named Mahnoor (moon light) as they thought she came into the world to enlighten their life. They gave their best to her. The time flew and the girl grew up. She had lovely voice like her mother. She liked a boy who loved her very much and wanted to marry her. But the mother wanted her to study as much as she can. Girl shared her feelings with her father who supported her and convinced his wife. Story took turn when the girl participated in college singing function and won first price. The newspapers covered the news and Firdos Bai tracked them through that news. Later the girl was approached by music company but her refusal reason the man was astonished and asked Mahnoor why her mother didn't like her singing when she herself was very famous for her own singing. The girl who was not aware of her parents' past was little surprised by this news. When she came back home she saw Firdos Bai who was at their home to take either her or her mother to compensate the loss she had due to Kajal and Wafa's leaving barn. Her father opened the whole story of their past in front of their daughter. Kajal was not prepared to let her daughter go to that place which she left once. Rather she preferred to go along with them. The girl after knowing the truth of her parents asked her fiancé to help them and along with his help she ordered Firdos and her pimp to leave the house or they will contact police and saved her mother.