After divorcing his first wife and marrying a more gentle natured woman Ralph Hadley finds himself again attracted to his ex-wife a shrewd business woman. Trouble begins when he foolishly invites her to lunch setting gossipy tongues-wagging. The news reaches his devoted wife who has discovered she is pregnant. She confronts the ex-wife who agrees to never see Ralph again and marries another admirer. Devasted Ralph decides to kill himself luckily he is found in time by the doctor with the good news of the birth of his child. Ralph regains his senses and the couple are happily reunited. Ralph Hadley has divorced his first wife Jessica and has married a woman of an entirely different type Amy Hadley. When making the divorce settlement Hadley and Jessica retained joint control of some shares of stock that would exact a great financial sacrifice if disposed of and the proceeds divided. It is this stock that brings Jessica to Hadley's office. Hadley takes Jessica to lunch with him. Amy has meanwhile telephoned Ralph to hurry home to lunch because she has a secret to impart. That morning the family physician told Amy she would eventually have maternal duties that would replace her obligations to society. Friends see Jessica and Ralph at lunch. The gossips carried the news to Amy. The wife is broken-hearted and Hadley has difficulty in convincing Amy that his promises to have nothing more to do with Jessica are sincere. Truth is that Hadley has fallen in love all anew with his divorced wife and continues to shower his attention upon Jessica. From bad to worse the revived relation between Jessica and Ralph goes on. Finally Amy goes to Jessica and imparts the secret she told Ralph she would confide in him but which in his infatuation for Jessica he had never inquired about. Jessica's eyes are opened to the error of her ways and the wrongs she has committed against Amy and when Hadley again attempts to see her Jessica tells him that their relations must terminate forthwith. During all the years Jessica has been divorced from Ralph her loyal friend and devoted admirer has been Billy Kilmartin who sees in the illicit relations between Jessica and Ralph the only possible ending to it all. He entreats Jessica to marry him and his devotion finally attains his purpose for when Ralph calls one morning to demand that Jessica renew their old relations Billy is there to serve as her excuse. She tells Ralph that she and Billy are married. Hadley goes home determined to end his life but at the moment he is about to blow out his brains the family physician enters Ralph's room and congratulates him upon being the father of an unusually healthy child just born to Amy. Hadley sees his folly and turns again to Amy in the bright prospect of their child reuniting its parents in their former state of tranquil happiness.