Eugene Aram devoid of opportunity as far as scholasticism is concerned is ambitious to learn and his labored course. of study is a source of merriment to Housman a degenerated distant relation. Housman chances to read a letter written by a man known as Clark to his son Walter at Grassdale England to the effect that he is about to return to him with a quantity of jewels and sundry valuables given him as a reward for saving a person's life in India. Housman sees many of the jewels and rarities and determines to rob Clark. He persuades Eugene to go in on the job with him. Clark is attacked by Housman and felled by a blow as Eugene comes up. Clark seizes the tatter's hand as Eugene prevents another blow from being struck. Clark is killed however and Eugene refusing to accept any of the money dismisses Housman after the body has been covered up with leaves. At Grassdale Walter is in love with Madeline who treats him with pronounced apathy in consideration of her sister Eleanor who loves Walter extremely. Five years pass and Eugene is a schoolmaster in Grassdale. His mind is tortured by the vision of Clark which he continues to have. Even his pupils with the aid of significant poems and verses seem to be conspiring to add to his discomfort. Eugene has met Madeline and they are enamored of each other their association firing the jealousy of Walter who warns Madeline against Eugene. Housman and his associates force entrance into the Lester home and Eugene who happens to be there at the time shoots Housman but not fatally. They recognize each other and Eugene promises to meet Housman at the glen the next day. At the meeting Housman demands a large sum to keep from Eugene's friends the particulars of Clark's death. Subsequently Eugene goes to Housman's hovel in London and gives him the money and receives the assurance that Housman will leave the country. Walter continues to disparage Eugene in Madeline's eyes. Housman receives word that his child Ann is dying and holds up Walter who is on a trip to London and relieves him of his fleet horse. Housman arrives to find his beloved daughter dead. He enters an inn and soon is intoxicated. Some strangers are discussing the unearthing of a skeleton supposed to be that of Clark who disappeared five years before. Walter enters the inn and listens. Housman interrupts by stating that they are wrong as he can show them Clark's skeleton. He goes to St. Robert's cave and shows him Clark's bones. He then tells Walter that Eugene Aram committed the murder. Eugene is arrested tried and adjudged guilty on the strength of Housman's testimony. Walter implores Eugene to confess promising him forgiveness and Eugene gives the exact account of the robbery and murder. Walter believes and shows great gratitude and friendship. Madeline is approached by the now repentant Walter and is told the verdict. She crushes to her bosom the rose given her by Eugene and dies the shock killing her. The closing scene shows Eugene on the gallows expiating a crime that he did not commit.