Film begins with the girls playing table tennis. One of the girls is a college champion but still can't beat the opposite one. She tolls her friend that she is leaving the area with her father and advised her to join any women club to play. The girl asks her sister-in-law to talk to her brother about her joining to women club. Her brother got angry on his wife on supporting her in this game and as their norms do not allow a woman to step out of the house unnecessarily. One day her sister in law's cousin came from town to their area. He was running an NGO which was working for women rights. He saw her playing alone and then asked her brother to promote her interest but he refused him too by saying the same about their norms and values. He fell in love with her and married her. He allowed her to go to women club and live her interest. Although her brother had objection on this but when his area people appreciated this he did not say anything to them. Luckily she groomed herself quickly and started winning the matches. She took part in a tournament and reached up to the semi finals. Her husband could not attend any of her matches due to his office commitments but on semi finals day she said to him if he did not come along with her she would not go. His mother also asked him to go with her. He was left with no option so had to go along with her. During the match comments by young spectaculars disturbed him. He was in a shock by hearing cheap remarks about his wife and orders her that she will never go out to play again. She was shocked to hear this from him and went back to her brother's house. Her sister in law tries to make her realize about reality of life that after marriage a woman is supposed to live according to her husband's wishes. On the other hand her husband's mother asked him to bring her back home as it's not her fault. She said to him to become her confidence instead of hiding from such people. He went to her brother's house to bring her back. There her brother told him she is not there and went to play final. He became angry and came back home and told his mother that she is playing final today without his permission and neither informed him. He said he would never bring her back because she loves her game only not him. She needs somebody to support her in this play. First he was supporting her so she was living with him and now her brother is supporting her so she is playing on his support. He went in his room and saw her sitting there and crying. All his anger ended looking her there and he asked her to get ready because only 20 minutes were left in the final game.