When 16 year old Otelo Buthelezi his best friend New Year and his 12 year old brother Ntwe are invited to the beach-house of their new friend Tau Modise they step into a world previously closed to them. It is exactly the opposite of their township- a place under a constant and growing threat from political violence driven by Inkatha hostel dwellers on one side and township United Democratic Front comrades on the other. Soon everyone recognizes that Otelo is gifted on the water a god in waiting for his purpose. An older white man Kurt Struely approaches the boys certain of their potential and invites them to his home to watch some professional surfers on video. He paints them an enticing picture of the life to be had if they can master every kind of break - money for nothing and the chicks for free. The boys practice and under Struely's watchful eye become really good. Otelo outshines his teacher Tau who begins to resent the obvious natural talent of his friend. His resentment builds even more when Dezi New Year's younger sister falls for Otelo. When Struely enters the boys into their first 'localism' competition Tau persuades his cousin Stembiso to look after Ntwe at the township pool where the boys learnt to swim. But while the boys are carving out new paradigms on the water Tau breaks his prized surfing board and Ntwe is burnt to death with a tire necklace as a suspected informer for the apartheid security police. When Otelo with New Year's help discovers the truth behind his younger brother's death he has to make a choice between the money glamour girls and superstardom of international surfdom and justice for Ntwe. On the day Nelson Mandela steps out of prison for the first time in 27 years what this boy chooses will resonate for audiences everywhere. He whisks her off and they spend a day of pure joy and freedom. For a moment Anna forgets her predicament. But there is one problem. He does not have a South African passport. Now Anna must choose: between marrying for the sake of personal freedom or loving even if it means having to leave. Shot in Durban and directed by Sara Blecher (Surfing Soweto) the film tells the story of a group of township kids who discover the joy of surfing. It is set in 1989 against a backdrop of brewing conflict between two political groups in Lamontville. When 16-year-old Otelo Buthelezi takes to the water for the first time it is clear that he was born to surf. Then tragedy strikes. On the day that Nelson Mandela is released from prison Otelo is forced to choose between surfing success and justice. This beautifully made insightful and entertaining film captures a turbulent time in the history of South Africa.