The story of a boy who was always snubbed and beaten by his brother and father and tried finding love outside the home. Baber was younger than Asim and never got to play with Asim. Mother used to save him from from father's beating and brother's rude behavior. Baber liked all the girlish thing like jewelry cosmetics shiny clothes playing with dolls and going to Intersex Reshma's house who loved him. He brings up watching all this around and starts passing more and more time with Reshma and her friends Bijli and Shola. He talks like girls goes for dancing with the group of intersex which is their profession in parties weddings etc. Parents decide to marry him with his cousin Kosar. Baber behaves in the same way with Kosar praising her dress and jewelry. Kosar when watches him on wedding night she remembers that she saw him as a eunuch in a wedding. Next morning when her mother comes Kosar tells her and she takes Kosar back home. Kareem and Asim beats Baber and he leaves home goes and lives with Reshma. Kosar later comes back when people starts asking why is she not going back to her in laws. She visits Reshma's house and brings Baber back. Later Kosar becomes pregnant and the same day Baber comes to know that Reshma has cancer and it needs a lot of money for her treatment. He leaves home and does not stop when Sughra and Kosar tries to stop him. Kosar leaves home and goes to her Aunts's home. Sughra and Kareem later goes to bring her back but she refuses. Later she receives divorce papers from Baber. Asim gets married with the girl he likes and when Baber comes to visit his mother Asim's wife doesn't like him coming in the home and fights with Asim to get her a separate home. Kosar has a baby girl and when Sughra comes to see the baby and tries to take the baby away on Kosar's behavior Kosar pushes her out of the home and throw her things away. Sughra on coming back is very shocked and later she becomes a mental patient. Baber takes care of her. Reshma dies of cancer and her parents come on her death. Asim has already left home with his wife due to Baber. Kosar gets married to Aunt's son Majeed who is an honest police officer and likes Kosar. But he doesn't like Kosar's daughter. Kosar later gets pregnant again. Baber goes and brings Asim back to see the mother who is critically ill. Sughra dies after being sick and mentally unbalanced. Asim realizes what he has done to his parents and tells his wife to get lost when she comes on Sughra's death. Kosar gives birth to a baby son and on the birth ceremony of baby eunuch's come to their house. Kosar listens to a known voice outside in the courtyard where Aunt has taken her daughter and Majeed has taken the baby. She runs and watches Baber dancing with his mates. She snatches baby from Majeed when the Baber is about to take the baby in lap. She pushes Baber who falls on the floor next to his daughter and there he comes to know who the little girl is. He tries to keep hand on the head of girl who moves away from Baber. Majeed then realizes what would have passed on Kosar and accepts the girl as his daughter. Eunuch's Wedding dubbed as a taboo subject of 'eunuchs' (Intersex) who suffer endlessly in silence wrapped in slurs and miseries. A sensitive story that unfolds their deprived and isolated world and yet portrays eloquently how they too are not far away from the human emotions and feelings and their world not much different to ours.