A wealthy financier is tricked by a pair of spies into giving millions to foreign powers. His daughter is suspicious and hires a Detective who is able to foil the foreign agent's plans. Meanwhile the daughter has fallen in love with a fellow from the enemy camp but all ends well as his true identity is revealed as a member of the U.S. secret service. Five foreign ambassadors representing as many bankrupt nations formulate a plan to divert capital from America for use in rebuilding their countries. The conspirators' hopes lie in winning Henry Winthrop and his associates over to an international steamship trust offering unprecedented concessions as bait. As a preliminary they seek to learn the plans of the American syndicate and employ an unscrupulous intriguer Hallam Varrie known as "The Lily." Varrie has spies obtain employment as servants in the Winthrop household. He then contrives to be invited as a guest using Marcia Elmore a woman confederate for his sponsor. The last night of the house party Varrie has a Winthrop shipyard nearby blown up and under cover of the excitement obtains the plan. Part of a message Varrie had written to his confederate was picked up by a mouse and carried into the room of Wynn. It bore the sign of the lily and words that were a mystery. Varrie and the ambassadors proceed with their scheme and to win Winthrop and his associates who begin withdrawing their capital from scores of institutions they control. Panic labor riots and bank runs ensue. Wynn pleads with her father to check the disaster. He refuses believing he is performing a patriotic duty. That night the mouse appears again and it recalls to Wynn the mysterious paper and the explosion. She goes to the secret service and tells the chief of suspicion that the explosion was connected with the economic disasters. At his suggestion she has another house party. By watching Varrie and the woman she learns they are the conspirators and to get proof pretends to fall in love with Varrie. She goes to his home and while hidden sees him manipulate a secret wireless. When Varrie goes out she gets her proofs. Winthrop and his associates told of the plot just as they had been about to sign over their money then learn of the great service the girl has rendered her country.