Solar Eclipse is a conspiracy theory period movie based on true events that led to the eventual assassination of Mahatma Gandhi. The movie demonstrates a violent India at the backdrop of a non-violent Gandhi and hard-line fanatic mindsets beginning to grow roots in an India divided on the basis of religion. The feature is a story of three police officers in different parts of India who well aware of the intelligence that Gandhi's life in under threat must take key decisions that would eventually either save the Mahatma or the country. Solar Eclipse is a movie based on real events that shaped India as a secular democratic country and paved the way for the world's largest democracy as it struggled and survived through it's formative days immediately after independence from The British Empire. The movie draws an interesting parallel between India during the life & assassination of Mahatma Gandhi and USA during the life & assassination of Abraham Lincoln and how their eventual assassination though a tragic event in itself virtually turned around the two countries to be successful secular democracies from the separatist and civil war path that both were trudging on. Raina (A senior intelligence officer): Based on a real life character Raina is a senior intelligence officer faced with everyday challenges in a newly independent India marred with sectarian violence. Raina feels helpless and powerless to stem the violence or the communal hatred that seems to be taking root in India. The country is headed towards a near certain civil war. Faced with key intelligence that some fanatics might be plotting to assassinate Gandhi Raina must take the most important decision of his career to save the Mahatma or save the country. Can he cope with it? Jimmy: A DCP in Bombay police Jimmy is a dynamic police officer who would one day be a legend in Indian police force. Caught in the quagmire of sectarian politics and violence Jimmy wants Independent India to get back to normal and the senseless frenzy of killings rape and plunder to stop. As Raina's close friend and confidante Jimmy has worked together with intelligence to break tough cases and is now faced with a task that he can fulfill very easily: 'Arrest known conspirators who plan to assassinate Gandhi'. But can saving Gandhi save India? Is this violent burning India split on sectarian lines really Gandhi's dream? As Gandhi goes on his last fast Jimmy must create a balance between his friendship his loyalty his country and his job. T.G.: The first Director of Intelligence Bureau (DIB) of independent India T.G. is faced with a unique situation. Gandhi's life is at risk and he has critical information that can help catch the criminals. It should be an open and shut case. But with a severely depleted police force in Delhi (Many have left for England or migrated to Pakistan) and a situation where inter-departmental politics and trust in his fellow officers cannot be taken for granted there appears little T.G. can do. But T.G. has a reputation to keep and is a legend in a country where legends are worshiped. Gandhi can still save the country. And that is reason enough to save him against all odds. T.G. will do whatever it takes.