Arjun is a social family drama that is based on family ties and complications and tells of the struggles of our hero. It tells the story of family relations of love and family values and the importance of society in our lives. The film runs through different layers exposing the many evils that exist in society like the greed for money undignified livelihood bad parenting and the likes. A few comic elements and cheerful songs all add to keep you engrossed in the film.
35297,Carpeted Afterhours (2007),comedy,Carpeted Afterhours is a series of surreal vignettes gently poking fun at different aspects of suburban life. The show paints a portrait of what initially appears to be contemporary Middle America - strip malls book clubs community soccer games office parks etc. However the setting is soon revealed to be separate from reality creating a self-contained alternative world where everything familiar is turned upside-down.
35298,Girl Wrestler (2003),documentary,Tara is thirteen. She likes to go to the mall... and she wrestles boys. On her journey to the national championship matches she battles critics who believe girls should not wrestle boys she struggles with her father's expectations for her performance and she fights with her own body to control her weight. GIRL WRESTLER is an hour-long documentary that follows Tara Neal a girl who challenges cultural expectations of what sport she should compete in and most importantly whom she should wrestle. It documents a crucial moment in Tara's participation in wrestling; it is the last year that Texas' athletic association will allow her to wrestle boys. When Tara enters high school her opportunities for competition will practically disappear because there are so few girls who wrestle. From allegations of referee bias against girl wrestlers to coaches at the national tournament who proclaim their vehement hatred of Title IX (the federal statute that grants women's athletics proportionality in public schools) the documentary personalizes the clash of gender and sport and in particular the current policy debates over Title IX. Tara navigates the same environment of hostility that produced the recent lawsuit filed by the National Wrestling Coaches Association against the Department of Education to repeal Title IX. Over the course of the season Tara confronts personal struggles that range from her body to her family. While boys who wrestle develop eating disorders on a much larger scale than non-wrestling boys the pressure and consequences of dietary restrictions for girls are perhaps even more significant as their bodies are rapidly maturing and under such cultural scrutiny. During the course of the documentary Tara experiments with not eating and running in the heat in order to lose weight but eventually makes the healthy decision to accept her weight and wrestle at whatever weight she is. The documentary also becomes a chronicle of her relationship with her parents as Tara struggles with her father's expectations and her increasing need to become less dependent on her parents. Ultimately the themes of the documentary become more universal: the complications of divorced families the dynamics of father-daughter and mother-daughter relationships the desires of teenagers to break away from their parents constructions of masculinity and femininity health and body image gender discrimination in sports and the meaning and value of sport in American culture. GIRL WRESTLER documents a modern kind of girlhood one that physically embodies feminism by literally placing girls' bodies into grappling competition with boys. It shows us how the gender roles we have constructed affect real girls and real boys as they crash against the boundaries of those roles. This documentary not only forces us to reflect critically on those roles but also connects us emotionally to the struggle of one girl who challenges them.
35299,Angry Babies in Love (2014),comedy,Jeevan Paul is a freelance photographer by profession and scoops away his lady love Sarah Thomas from the church as another man gets all set to tie the knot with her. Jeevan and Sarah flee to Mumbai wherein they get busy designing a love nest of their own.
35300,#EradosGigantes (2017),documentary,Does the Brazilian foreign policy in the government of President Lula was ideological and anti-American? #OnTheShouldersofGiants leads to the public the confrontation between the main characters of that period his opponents analysts and public opinion in the age of social networks.
35301,Eria 88 (1989),action,Shin Kazama Mickey Simon and Greg Gates are mercenary pilots for the organization U.N. Squadron. The country of Aslan has been taken over by a terrorist organization known as Project 4 and now choosing one of the three pilots you must fight against Project 4's forces and destroy all of their bases in order to liberate Aslan from Project 4's control.
35302,Ricomincio da me" (2005)