Hugh Eltinge a struggling artist and Mark Dunbar a genius of the pen whom the world has as yet failed to reward live together in MacDougal Alley. Across the hall is Doris Golden a reporter on the Evening Star who enthuses over the work of both. Mark's novel is sold and Hugh and Doris see a new Mark. Mark begs Hugh to allow him to stake him until his pictures sell but pleasure in his new clothes and new popularity dwindle as he sees his old friends will not profit by them. A happy idea strikes him and he buys all of Hugh's paintings on exhibition at a local dealer requesting that his name be not mentioned. Mark rejoices with Hugh when he comes home to tell the news. Then the two decide Doris must also share with them and together they go to a lawyer and arrange to persuade him to send a letter to Doris saying her uncle in San Francisco has died leaving her a thousand dollars. In another section of the City Mrs. Trailes and her daughter Ruby scheme to ensnare a wealthy husband for the girl. Mark's reputation has impressed them. He is invited to attend a meeting of their Literary Club and the girl is given instructions to attract him. Mark meets the young society girl. Hugh and Doris she is reporting the meeting are also there and to them evidences of Mark's awakening infatuation are pitifully clear. Mark sees Ruby often. At a ladies' swimming club he is the guest of her mother. At a sign from her mother Ruby pretends to be drowning and Mark jumps in to her rescue. The friendship thus engendered ripens into love and it is not long before they are married. But early in his wedded life Mark begins to feel the pangs of disillusion. Ruby is pettish and extravagant and when he remonstrates with her she breaks into tirades of scolding that drive him to silence. Doris discovers her uncle is alive and perplexed goes to the lawyer who tells her all. She writes to Mark enclosing a check for the whole amount she has left and promising to send the balance as soon as she can. His wife intercepts the letter and accuses him of infidelity. Her true vulgarity asserts itself and he goes to the little studio. Ruby follows and finds him with Doris and another scene is enacted. Mark begs Hugh to look after Doris then leaves. Hugh leaves a letter for Doris and a note in which he asks her not to read the letter before she has found happiness. Hugh tells a newspaper reporter with whom he is acquainted that he has inherited a fortune from his grandfather and the account is printed in the evening paper. Ruby and her mother remember he is a friend of Mark's and ask him to call. Soon a closer intimacy than friendship develops and Mark comes home one evening to find Ruby in his friend's arms. Disillusioned his last ideal friendship completely shattered Mark hurries away. After the divorce he seeks Doris and the two become engaged. She remembers the letter and opens it. Herein Hugh has outlined his plans the story of the fortune was a hoax wherewith to entrap Ruby. For the sake of friendship he had sacrificed himself to bring happiness to the two he loved. Mark telephones to him and when he comes the old feeling of happiness and love fills once more the little studio in MacDougal Alley.