Shahid was married to Naila for five years but had no kids. He was the only son of his widowed mother who worked hard all her life to bring him up. His mother wanted to see his kids and was waiting since long. She thought perhaps Naila was infertile and could never have kids so she started telling women to look for another girl for Shahid to get married again. A lady named Razia one day came and told her that she has a girl and his parents have agreed for this proposal but she needs quick response. Naila heard it and called Shahid on his phone to come back immediately and told him everything she heard. Shahid went and spoke to his mother. He told her that Naila's all reports were fine and she had no medical problem but mother wasn't convinced. She wanted him to marry and get her grandchildren. So she forced and emotionally blackmailed Shahid threatening him to leave the house and do suicide. Shahid had to agree as he loved his mother more than his life. Shahid told Naila one day that due to mother forcing her to wed he has planned to go to Dubai and live away from her which will make her realize how much he loved Naila and won't force him again. He told Naila that he will drop her to her mum's house on his way to airport. A day before wedding he dropped Naila to her mother's house and even when she asked him to come in he didn't. Naila while speaking to her mother vowed that this time when Shahid will come back she herself will find a girl for him as he has loved her more than anyone else could do. Shahid then got married but was really guilty and unhappy about it. He wrote a letter to Naila to tell her the truth. When Naila read the letter she was shocked not with the news of wedding but with the lie he told her. She told her mother that she will never go back to his house. After a few days she found out that she was pregnant. Shahid got the news of her pregnancy and came to take Naila but she did not even came out of her room or opened the door. Shahid left disappointed. His second wife and mother were also waiting but he told them that she wouldn't come back. Shahid was a patient of diabetes already and due to stress tension and not eating he got very sick in just few days. His mother went to take Naila and pleaded her to come back for Shahid but she refused. One day whilst coming down Shahid fell off the stairs. He was taken to the hospital but he was unconscious and went into comma. His second wife then went to Naila's house and begged her to come once to see Shahid as if he kept waiting for her in comma she may get widowed. Naila eventually went to the hospital and when she called Shahid's name repeatedly he opened his eyes and touched her hand as he was alive waiting to see her only and then died.