Ajay Thakur is a long-time employee serving with the Indian police force; his motive in life involves bringing to justice the freedom fighters who in reality are terrorists headed by Habibullah and his younger brother Munna all of whom are on a deadly mission namely to free Kashmir from the clutches of India. Ajay meets with partial success when he manages to shoot at Munna injuring him thus arresting him in the process. This success gets him promoted to Deputy Inspector General but unfortunately Munna manages to escape assassinating Ajay's wife in the process. Meanwhile Ajay's journalist sister Pooja meets with Rohit only to fall in love with him after he rescues her from a bomb explosion in her car. Unknown to Pooja that Rohit is a mere pawn in the hands of Habibullah and his gang who is holding Rohit's father as hostage until he successfully kidnapped Pooja. Unfortunately the gang manages to hold both Rohit and Pooja as hostages; Ajay does find out the gang where-about which is in an old mosque and must go to negotiate the release of his sister Pooja. Habibullah and his brother Munna are Mujahaideen (freedom fighters) who have taken upon themselves to free Kashmir from India's clutches. They run a terrorist organization inflicting casualties amongst troops and civilians alike in their cause. Their only major obstacle is D.I.G. of Police Ajay Thakur who has been responsible for apprehending and killing several of Habibullah's men. Ajay has a journalist sister Pooja who befriends a young man named Rohit and both fall in love with each other. Quite unknown to Pooja Rohit has links to Habibullah's gang and has instructions to abduct her at any cost which he does. Now Habibullah has his heavily armed men along with the hostages barricade themselves in a Mosque and it is here that the fate of many hostages terrorists Indian police personnel and troops will be decided. And Ajay will have to face the emotional challenge and conflict of fighting off the terrorists or rescuing his sister.