Eric Dylan used to be the toughest detective in the LAPD having the highest arrest rate in recent memory and known for taking on local gangs and crushing crime rings. However after the LAPD fires him for a slew of police brutality charges he turns to the miserable life of a private investigator with no hope for a better future until celebrity tech mogul Cornelius Fromm CEO of Fromm Industries offers him the opportunity of a lifetime: to rid the Earth of criminals. Fromm has spent thirty years secretly developing special contact lenses that's able to detect the mind of the criminally insane and he recruits Eric to join a ragtag team of operatives to take down the worst criminals that live in plain sight. The team includes Cassidy Ennis a Southern belle-turned-contract killer and Julian Bentley an ex-Special Forces soldier. What unites them is that they've each been victimized by a brutal crime: Eric watched his mother brutally killed in front of him Cassidy was a child prostitute raped by Klansmen and the Dixie Mafia and Julian's pregnant wife was murdered by gang violence. But as their crusade for 'world peace' spirals out of control they realizes that vigilante justice comes at a steep price. Eric Dylan used to be the toughest detective in the LAPD having the highest arrest rate in recent memory and known for taking on local gangs and crushing crime rings. However after the LAPD fires him for a slew of police brutality charges he turns to the miserable life of a private investigator with no hope for a better future until celebrity tech mogul Cornelius Fromm CEO of Fromm Industries offers him the opportunity of a lifetime: to rid the Earth of criminals. Fromm has spent thirty years secretly developing special contact lenses that's able to detect the mind of the criminally insane and he recruits Eric to join a ragtag team of operatives to take down the worst criminals that live in plain sight. The team includes Cassidy Ennis a Southern belle-turned-contract killer and Julian Bentley an ex-Special Forces soldier. What unites them is that they've each been victimized by a brutal crime: Eric watched his mother brutally killed in front of him Cassidy was a child prostitute raped by Klansmen and the Dixie Mafia and Julian's pregnant wife was murdered by gang violence. But as their crusade for "world peace" spirals out of control they realizes that vigilante justice comes at a steep price.