Robert Dupea has given up his promising career as a concert pianist and is now working in oil fields. He lives together with Rayette who's a waitress in a diner. When Robert hears from his sister that his father isn't well he drives up to Washington to see him taking Rayette with him. There he gets confronted with his rich cultured family that he had left behind. Bobby Eroica Dupea comes from a well-bred family of musicians and once showed great promise as a concert pianist. By nature a restless angry individual Bobby left his family and his music when he could no longer endure the dull cloistered routine of daily practice. He took to the road wanting to "see the world" and hopefully find something or someone to quell his inner turmoil. He has settled in a small town as an oil rigger where his life consists of going to work arguing with his dimwitted but loving girlfriend Rayette and bowling every night with his friend Elton. Not surprisingly this routine begins to disgust Bobby and fed up he decides to travel to Puget Sound Washington to pay his family a visit. Leaving Rayette at a nearby motel gets on a truck leaving everything. Bobby Dupea has been drifting in his life over the last several years. He currently works on an oil rig in southern California and partakes in stereotypical working class activities during his free time. He is a brooding irresponsible cad. When he isn't cheating on her he treats his waitress girlfriend Rayette Dipesto poorly. Not the brightest light in the world Rayette who lives by the code of 'Tammy Wynette' (qv) songs continually complains to Bobby about his treatment of her but still clings to him for dear life. This life belies the fact that Bobby grew up in a privileged life as "Robert" who along with his two siblings were destined for musical greatness Robert as a classical pianist. Their parents even gave each of the three some classical musical reference as part of their given names. While his siblings followed that path Robert rebelled against it he who has not seen his father in three years. He hears from his classical pianist sister Partita that their father has suffered a couple of strokes which has rendered him semi-comatose. As such Bobby with Rayette tagging along much to his chagrin decides to return to the home he grew up in - a musical compound where his father and two siblings still live - to visit with his father. This reunion which includes seeing his siblings' current lives provides the stepping stone for what Bobby decides to do in the next immediate phase of his life. This reunion which includes his violinist brother Carl's mentoring of young beautiful pianist named Catherine Van Oost makes Bobby contemplate running toward instead of running away from something for the first time in a long time. Bobby Dupea seems to be a regular blue collar kind of guy. He works on oil rigs and lives with his girlfriend Rayette who works as waitress in a diner. He spends a lot of his time drinking and carousing. After having little or no contact with his family for three years he decides to pay a visit to his family home after sister Partita tells him their father is quite ill having had a stroke. Surprisingly Bobby's family is quite well off and all seem to be accomplished musicians. Bobby himself is a classical pianist. He still finds them pompous and annoying something that comes to the fore again during his visit. Bobby Dupea (Jack Nicholson) is a worker on a Californian oil rig. He lives with his girlfriend Rayette and their relationship is starting to cool. Upon visiting his sister in Los Angeles Bobby discovers that his father is gravely ill. He travels to Washington state to see him but this forces many sore subjects with his family to come to the fore.