A young man who quit school without telling his parents and whose shyness is compounded by a slight walking impediment poses as a successful businessman on the Internet. When the girl he's been chatting with wants to meet him he is faced with a dilemma. Rami a young man of Lebanese descent still lives with his immigrant parents and his two sisters in Montréal. Out of obligation he like his sisters works at the family restaurant. Rami is still trying to find his place in life due in large part to a lack of self-confidence. Part of the confidence problem stems from his parents especially his father Ziad wanting to control the major aspects of Rami and his sisters' lives. According to Ziad Rami is to upgrade his mathematics marks in retaking the class so that he can eventually enter the business program at HEC. Ziad's children regularly lie to him to keep the peace one such lie from Rami being that he has not told his parents that he dropped out of the math course with no idea if he even wants to go into business or attend HEC. Rami is able to get away with it for now as much of the family focus is on Rami's sister Sabine and the planning for her imminent wedding. The other issue with Rami's lack of confidence is that he was born with a physical disability with the latest operation and constant physical therapy still leaving him with an unusual gait to the way he walks relearning to walk which was what he had to do following the latest operation. The one time he feels comfortable in his own albeit somewhat made-up skin is when he is chatting online - his handle being romeo11 - specifically with a young woman with the handle malaury26. Beyond using a photograph of his actual face on his profile he has largely made up several other aspects of himself to malaury26 he portraying himself as an international businessman often jetting to meetings across the continent. After several requests by malaury26 to meet in person Rami relents he feeling confident enough that he can bluff his way through the lies. Through all that happens Rami does get a boost to his confidence holistically but not quite in the way he was expecting in his dinner with malaury26.