Neil Sumner and his wife Ruth at the end of six years of married life find that they are not suited to each other and separate the wife taking their small daughter Cynthia. Dick Harcourt. Ruth's brother a ne'er do well who by the will of their father was the executor of her privately owned estate squanders it in riotous living and reaching the end of his resources after losing quite a large sum of money to Neil Sumner his brother-in-low commits suicide. This brings an end to the married life of Ruth and Neil. She blames Neil for Dick's untimely end and proceeds to get a divorce. Neil tails in with a part of the so-called "fast set" in New York. During this period Ruth has lived in London with Cynthia. Ruth determines to return to America. When Ruth's brother Dick committed suicide he left a letter addressed to the family lawyer telling him that he had dissipated Ruth's entire fortune. The lawyer who is a friend of Neil's tells him of this circumstance and asks him what the outcome will be for Ruth. Neil generously offers to continue paying the dividends on all the stocks Ruth still supposes she owns knowing nothing of the defalcation of her brother. Ruth and Cynthia arrive in New York and that same night Betsy Neil's sister who is very fond of Ruth asks her if she will allow Cynthia to go with her to pay a short call to her father. Ruth consents much to Cynthia's delight and they arrive at Neil's house in the middle of a hilarious party attended by some of his sporting friends. Neil decides to open his Port Washington home for the first time since Ruth has departed with the baby. Coming back from the race one day some of Neil's sporting friends meet Cynthia on the street and some of them knowing who she is invite her to go with them to the Red Lion Inn for some refreshment. She in her innocence accepts. Neil happening to pass the Red Lion sees the party coming out. He takes her in his car with Mrs. Palmer a lady whose name has been coupled with his in gossip and takes her home. Ruth reading in the town topics that same day some of the gossip connecting Neil with Mrs. Palmer's name the lady he was riding with decides that the only safe way is to get Cynthia and return to London. Several months later Neil finds himself in London where he also meets the family lawyer Mr. Fellowes. Fellowes who all these years has been trying to effect a reconciliation between Ruth and Neil hits upon the happy idea of taking Neil to Ruth's home determined there to tell Ruth that Neil all these years has been supporting her. While they are discussing the ways and means of fixing Ruth's fortune so that she may never know she overhears their conversation. Cynthia hearing her daddy's voice rushes into the room and embraces him frantically telling him that she is to be married the next day and that she will go and bring her fiancé for his approval. She does so and when she enters with him Neil has just finished making an unsuccessful plea to Ruth for the restoration of their happiness and it is the sweet love of the young girl for both her mother and father that brings this beautiful play to a happy ending.