Prologue: Conrad LaGrange proposes marriage to Mary Gibson. She refuses him and marries Aaron King. A son Aaron King Jr. is born to them. John Willard who does not approve of the intimacy between his sister Myra and James Rutlidge provokes a quarrel with Rutlidge. Thinking he has killed him Willard goes West. A baby is born to Myra who does not know that Rutlidge has a wife. Mrs. Rutlidge learns of it. Crazed with jealousy she seeks Myra throws acid in her face marring her for life; then commits suicide. With Myra's permission Rutlidge takes the baby to raise with his son James Rutlidge Jr. and shares his wealth equally between them. Myra refuses his offers of money and writes to John Willard her brother asking for help. In California he holds up a mail stage to get money for her fare west. Willard is arrested. Myra ignorant of this goes to Graymont Cal. Not finding her brother she wanders into the mountains and to the home of Mr. and Mrs. Andres who take her in. She is like a mother to Sybil Andres' only child. Years pass. Aaron King in financial difficulties and disgrace dies. LaGrange who has prospered pays some of Mrs. King's debts and again asks her to marry him. She refuses saying her life belongs to her boy. Mrs. King sacrifices all to keep Aaron her son now a young man in a Paris art school. Graduating with high honors he receives word that his mother is ill and rushes home in time to see her die. The Story: Twenty-five years have elapsed. Aaron King Jr. leaves for the West. On the same train are Gertrude Taine; her husband Edward Taine many years her senior a wreck; and Louise Taine stepdaughter of Mrs. Taine. They are met by James Rutlidge Jr. Myra who now lives in Fairlands recognizes Mrs. Taine and Rutlidge. King becomes acquainted with LaGrange. Friendship springs up between the pair. King is commissioned to paint Mrs. Taine's portrait. He and LaGrange take a cottage next to Sybil and Myra. Rutlidge annoys Sybil with his attentions. King and LaGrange meet Sybil. Mrs. Taine becomes infatuated with King. John Willard (now known as John Marston) escapes from prison. He meets Rutlidge who befriends him and bides him in a mountain cabin. Mrs. Taine is pleased with the portrait. As King contrasts Sybil with Mrs. Taine he sees the latter as a designing soul in a beautiful body. Refusing to let her have the portrait he asks her to pose again. Thinking she has infatuated King she consents. He also paints Sybil's portrait. Mrs. Taine gives a reception in honor of King and LaGrange. She tries to influence King by causing Sybil to play her violin as one of the paid performers. Mr. Taine collapses in the midst of a speech and is carried off dying. Mrs. Taine visiting King's studio finds him absent. Sybil comes in. Mrs. Taine bringing in the fact that Sybil was up in the mountains with Myra while LaGrange and King were on a camping trip in the mountains convinces Sybil that the world thinks she is the artist's mistress. Sybil stops long enough to write a note for Myra and then rides away. Myra tells King of Sybil's disappearance. He follows her and enlists the aid of Brian Oakley the forest ranger. Rutlidge learns of Sybil's departure. By threatening Marston with exposure he forces him to kidnap Sybil. Marston takes her to a cabin. Oakley King and a posse of men search the mountains for her. King goes to Granite Peak but Rutlidge gets there first. Rutlidge makes the proposition that they throw down their guns and fight it out. As Rutlidge is about to throw King over the cliff. Marston appears with Sybil who begs him to save King. He shoots Rutlidge who topples over the cliff. Then Marston disappears. King and Sybil go back to town. Sybil has discovered that she loves King and that he loves her. Mrs. Taine goes to the studio. She sees herself on the canvas as King sees her and flies into a rage. She threatens to blast King's career and to ruin Sybil's reputation. LaGrange overhearing brings Myra in and has her tell her story. As Mrs. Taine listens she bares her shoulder showing a scar which identifies her as Myra's daughter. LaGrange threatens if she ever speaks ill of Sybil or King to publish the story broadcast Mrs. Taine retreats. Later Sybil learning from LaGrange that King has completed his masterpiece goes to the studio. King takes her in his arms.