Four men one calling: To serve and protect. As law enforcement officers they face danger every day. Yet when tragedy strikes close to home these fathers are left wrestling with their hopes their fears and their faith. From this struggle will come a decision that changes all of their lives. With action drama and humor the fourth film from Sherwood Pictures embraces God's promise to "turn the hearts of fathers to their children and the hearts of children to their fathers." Souls will be stirred and hearts will be challenged to be ... courageous! As law enforcement officers Adam Mitchell Nathan Hayes and their partners are confident and focused. They willingly stand up to the worst the world can offer. Yet when they take off their badges at the end of the day they face a challenge that none of them are truly prepared to tackle: fatherhood. While they consistently give their best on the job good enough seems to be all they can muster as dads. But they're quickly discovering that their standard is missing the mark. They know that God desires to turn the hearts of fathers to their children but their children are beginning to drift further and further away from them. Will they be able to find a way to serve and protect those that are most dear to them? When tragedy hits home these men are left wrestling with their hopes their fears their faith and their fathering. Can a newfound urgency help these dads draw closer to God ... and to their children? Courageous is the fourth release of Sherwood Pictures the moviemaking ministry of Sherwood Church in Albany Georgia. Their first release since FIREPROOF the No. 1 independent film of 2008 Courageous joins Facing the Giants and Flywheel in touching and impacting lives through heartfelt stories of faith and hope. Moviegoers will again find themselves crying laughing and cheering-sometimes simultaneously-as they are inspired by everyday heroes who long to be the kinds of dads that make a lifelong impact on their children. Protecting the streets is second nature to these law enforcement officers. Raising their children? That will take courage. Courageous ... honor begins at home. From the writers of Fireproof and Facing the Giants comes a story about four law enforcement officers whose lives are deeply tested as they embrace their calling to serve and to protect. As crime fighters they must face danger every day. Yet when tragedy hits close to home they are left wrestling with their hopes their faith and their priorities as men. Like iron sharpening iron the power of their friendship invites them to face their hidden struggles as fathers. It is out of this honesty that comes a life-altering decision. With action drama and humor the fourth film from Sherwood Pictures embraces God's promise to "turn the hearts of fathers to their children and the hearts of children to their fathers". Your soul will be stirred and your heart will be challenged to be...Courageous!