In a touring Shakespearean theater group a backstage hand - the dresser is devoted to the brilliant but tyrannical head of the company. He struggles to support the deteriorating star as the company struggles to carry on during the London blitz. The pathos of his backstage efforts rival the pathos in the story of Lear and the Fool that is being presented on-stage as the situation comes to a crisis. It's the early 1940's Britain. Norman a slight timid man has worked for sixteen years as the dresser for the lead actor in a Shakespearean theater troupe his boss who is referred to solely as Sir. Beyond his official dressing duties Norman dedicated to Sir and his work also unofficially acts as Sir's personal assistant/gopher ego and morale booster caregiver and confidante - all these duties despite Sir being married to the troupe's lead actress - he who ensures that Sir is ready to go on stage each night. Norman relieves the stress of his job by taking the frequent nip from a mickey always on his person and always when he doesn't think anyone notices. The troupe is currently on a tour performing a different Shakespearean play at each one night stop but always with Sir in the lead he who planned the schedule and plays to be performed. Sir dominates the troupe wanting to place himself at the best light in comparison to the supporting players. Some of his fellow actors dislike Sir's attitude and behavior especially Oxenby but they will all band together to ensure the best show is left on stage each night. Sir's ego has not diminished in relation to his declining abilities he well past his prime. Those declining abilities are demonstrated at their latest stop in Bradford to perform King Lear there where early in the day Sir suffers a nervous breakdown leading to him being checked into the local hospital. Sir checks himself out for the show to go on. Beyond the added fact of the troupe being down one cast/crew member since their last performance Norman has an especially difficult task this evening in ensuring not only that Sir is ready by curtain time but that he holds it together over the course of the performance. By the end of the evening Norman will get a clearer picture of just where he stands in Sir's life.