Manas is an insurance agent. He lives with his wife Mamata and son Souvik. Mamata is dissatisfied by her husband's outlook and dreams of bringing up her son differently. But when Souvik grows up he starts rebelling agaionst his mother's decisions and dominance. At the age of 16 Souvik falls in his first crush. When hawk-eyed Mamata learns about this relationship she becomes worried as she is sceptical about that girl's nature and thinks she is not good for her son. Mamata gears up to break her son's relationship with that girl. She also tries to win over her son's attention and affection. Manas is an insurance agent. He lives with his wife Mamata and son Shamik. Mamata is dissatisfied by her husband's outlook and dreams of bringing up her son differently. But when Shamik grows up he starts rebelling agaionst his mother's decisions and dominance. At the age of 16 Shamik falls in his first crush Debjani. When hawk-eyed Mamata learns about this relationship she becomes worried as she is sceptical about that girl's nature and thinks she is not good for her son. Mamata gears up to break her son's relationship with that girl. She also tries to win over her son's attention and affection.Although she is successful in breaking the relationship all this effort pushes her away from her son even more. Cut to present day Shamik is now a college student. He is in his second year and is in a relationship with Jayanti a girl of first year. Mamata discovers this relationship and tries to sabotage it in every way. She even goes to the extent of bringing back Debjani Souvik's first girlfriend by meeting her parents and offering her son to them as their son-in-law. Manas tries to tell his wife about the ill-effects of her behaviour. But she pays no attention. The talks of marriage are finalised without Shamik's knowledge. But Shamik had another plans - he had already married Jayanti and was leaving for Mumbai. He declares this to a shocked Mamata and leaves the house. The touching climax of the film shows Mamata clutching the old toys and medals of Shamik and remembering his childhood revealing that she never could quite accept that Shamik has grown up now and had a personal life. She still believes he is her little son who is unaware of his own well-being.