Daniel Mylrea is the son of the Bishop of Man the baron of the Isle of Man whose temporal power is higher even than that of the Deemster or governor. The Bishop desires Dan to become a minister but he prefers to be a fisherman. The Deemster of Man has a son and a daughter Mona and Ewan. Dan and Mona are in love. She consents to marry him when he can obtain her father's consent. Ewan her brother decides to become a clergyman even in the face of his father's insistence that he take up business as a vocation. The Deemster opposes Dan's suit for Mona's hand because he has fallen from his high estate as the son of the Bishop by becoming a fisherman. His dislike turns to open hatred when Dan endeavors to borrow money from Ewan whom he thought his friend to pay off the crew of his boat. Dan had squandered his earnings of the season in drink. Ewan refuses Dan the loan who makes him a bitter enemy by knocking him down on his taunt that spending money in drink is as bad as theft. Dan is now opposed in his love for Mona by both her father and brother. The Deemster forbids Dan to come to his house to visit her. Despite this he sees her at night. Though this meeting is innocent in intent the Deemster uses it to inflame the mind of Ewan against Dan whom he supposes has dishonored his sister. Arming himself with a knife Ewan seeks Dan and comes upon him at his cabin while he is mending his nets. They quarrel and Ewan falls backward over a cliff and is killed. Dan's crew of fishermen throw the body into the sea hoping to hide his death but the tide sweeps it ashore. It is discovered and suspicion of murder falls on Dan. He is arrested by the Deemster's constables and committed to jail where he is visited at night by his father the Bishop who gives him an opportunity to escape. Dan refuses to go feeling that he must atone for Ewan's death. Dan is tried on Tynwald Hill the ancient law mount. The Deemster insists that the Bishop shall exercise his legal prerogative as the highest civil power on the isle and sit at this trial. He aims to force the Bishop to sentence his own son on the gallows. Dan is convicted. The Deemster insists on the death sentence being passed by the Bishop who instead of condemning Dan to be hanged decrees that his son shall be cut off from the people no tongue to speak to him no hand to touch him and. in death no hand to bury him. Dan is driven away and for seven years lives alone in a hut by the sea. Then a plague strikes the people of Man. The Bishop has learned of a monk in Ireland who has discovered an antidote for the pestilence and sends for him. The monk comes to the isle on a vessel which is wrecked on the shore near Dan's desolate hut. He dies in Dan's arms who then dons the monk's garb and carries the antidote to the people as he had been commanded by the dying cleric. When there is but one powder of the antidote left Dan learns that the Deemster is a victim of the plague. When he faces his enemy to minister to him. he finds himself stricken. Either he or the Deemster must die. Revealing himself to the Deemster he chooses to die himself hopeless under his father's irrevocable sentence to a living death. Giving the Deemster the healing powder he staggers away to his hut. There he is followed by Mona and dies in her arms.