Late-shift taxi driver Ali works the 'mean streets' of Tehran and in the process he encounters a wide variety of people. The taciturn disconsolate man meets the owner of the last traditional café in the city Denis and the lovely Leila both of whom start to play an important role among his customers. Ali gets closer to the secretive young woman due to their similar personalities and deep internal isolation. While waiting for an anticipated earthquake to happen the only apocalypse to shake his deliberately enclosed world is the truth about his love. Late-shift taxi driver Ali drives silently around the city. On daily-based in the process he encounters a wide variety of people Ali himself by nature is taciturn disconsolate man looking the circumference of his world in conscious defiance. At first we got astounded as we confronted the strange taxi-driver who does not like the rest of the Iranian taxi-drivers who are garrulous and start talking as we step in their sphere. Having a ramshackle car not having even a cell phone being apathetic about the world all come together to depict his character unreal but as the film moves ahead we get familiar with his inscrutable introverted streak. The various passengers he picks up in his rather tatty taxi have some intriguing elements. His customers appear mostly to be gorgeous women in traditional Iranian clothing who gab on mobile phones or gossip endlessly. In the meantime he is acquainted with two women. Sima as Ali's friend from university who seems to want to be close to him but she is set to marry another person. The other one is lovely Leila who has a mysterious routine that requires her to be picked up at precise times and driven across town. Little by little Ali gets closer to her due to their similar personalities and deep internal isolation. One of the most engrossing episodes is the one in which Ali goes into the Leila's father house in order to repair the electricity problem. Everywhere is dark Ali puttering with a power meter suddenly he sees Leila visage in the glass of the power meter with candle in her hands. He really is an impossible person. Too shy altogether with absolutely nothing to say for himself and such a weight. There is no sound around them except for a rustle of leaves. As winds are blowing he feels something strange in his inner being. Hope comes to his life and he feels twinkle of it in his heart.