Surriya was from a noble family of a village living with her Cleric father in a big house and many servants around her but due to strict family values nobody was allowed in the house. Surriya used to feel very restricted and frustrated. Her only brother like younger cousin had gone to city to get higher education. She used to go sneakily and watch the son of her governess from a distance as she liked him. The governess Maakhi when noticed this she got worried. She knew that if the cleric came to know this he will punish her only son. Maakhi alerted her master in a decent way that his daughter remains sick and the only cure is to marry her off. Father got worried but he had no option as family norms didn't allow him to marry his daughter outside family. He decided to bring his young nephew back and marry him with Surriya.It was a difficult decision for both to accept but they were left with no option. The boy couldn't accept her as his wife. God had another plan for them. The girl's father died in next few days and her husband's lover came to their house to take him back. She knew the boy still hadn't accepted his wife and convinced him to go back with her and live life according to his own will. His wife also allowed him to do so as she has no other option. She can feel easily the love between them which was absent from her life. Before leaving house he went to her governess where he heard her talking about his wife with her son. The son was concerned about him leaving his wife alone as he was her only hope to live. But her governess said not to interfere in this matter and after her husband he will be there for her. He did not like their conversation and left the house. But there words kept disturbing him continuously and he returned to village. When he reached back he could not find his wife anywhere and asked her governess about her. She didn't know about her and was also searching for her. He blamed her son about this all. She tried to tell him that her son has gone to search her as well. But he never listened and went behind the man. When he found him the man was holding his wife's scarf and she was nowhere. The governess kept chasing the boy and here she told him that Surriya perhaps has left the house in search of her own man as neither him nor her son were her men. A rural area girl who was spending her life within the boundaries of big house with only his father and servants as a family. The strict family law didn't allow her to marry someone outside the family. The father arranged her wedlock with her teenager cousin due to her being sick whom she considered her younger brother. She accepted this wedlock but the young boy could not and left with his lover after uncle's death and this bitter truth forced her to leave the house when she was left alone.