An exploration of the impact of schizophrenia on a young woman and her family in today's Calcutta. The narrative pivots around the relationship of two sisters older sister Anjali is a successful professor with a powerful personality. She is the anchoring rock for her family and carer for her sister Meethi whose progression into schizophrenia has been speed ed up by traumatic experiences. Anjali has always dominated the life of her attractive younger sister and jealously warded off Meethi's handsome fiancé Jojo with fear of Meethi's impending illness. Years later when Meethi and Anjali are on holiday in the Hills there is a chance meeting with Jojo now with his new wife and children. He is shocked to discover that Meethi does not now recognize him but lives in a world visited by an imaginary husband and children of her own. Widowed Mrs. Mathur lives in Calcutta with her son Mahesh and daughter Anjali. She decides to re-marry Sunil Gupta and through him gives birth to a daughter named Mithali who is about 18 years younger than Anjali. Mahesh gets married to Padma and lives separately. Anjali too gets married but is soon separated and divorced. She now works as a Lecturer in a college. Mithali grows up in this atmosphere with virtually two mothers she is quiet introverted does not play outside and has no friends. Things change for the better when she goes to college then to work with Illustrated Weekly where she meets and falls in love with Joydeep "Jojo" Roy. Jojo proposes marriage and is told that Mithali is not well suffers from schizophrenia has occasional epilepsy attacks she must be looked after for the rest of her life. Nevertheless Jojo decides to marry her. Then the unexpected happens when Mithali is gang-raped near the Bihar-Bengal border area where she was sent on an assignment by her employer. This shatters her completely and changes the lives of her family and her relation with Jojo who no longer wants to wed her. In the deep recesses of her mind Mithali has secured a house on 15 Park Avenue where she lives with her husband Jojo five children and two dogs. Anjali has attempted several times albeit in vain to locate this address. Then a married Jojo re-enters Mithali's life but Mithali is unable to remember him. He feels sorry for her plight and holds himself responsible so he decides to help her find 15 Park Avenue. Watch what happens when Jojo and Mithali take a trip in Calcutta to locate an address which is in New York.