At the peak of her international career Maria Enders is asked to perform in a revival of the play that made her famous twenty years ago. But back then she played the role of Sigrid an alluring young girl who disarms and eventually drives her boss Helena to suicide. Now she is being asked to step into the other role that of the older Helena. She departs with her assistant to rehearse in Sils Maria; a remote region of the Alps. A young Hollywood starlet with a penchant for scandal is to take on the role of Sigrid and Maria finds herself on the other side of the mirror face to face with an ambiguously charming woman who is in essence an unsettling reflection of herself. At eighteen Maria Enders was successful in theatre with MalojaSnake. She played Sigird an ambitious girl with disorder charm who fascinated and led to suicide Helena a mature woman. This role has changed her life. More than twenty years have passed when at the peak of her fame she was asked to receive in Zurich a prestigious award on behalf of Wilhelm Melchior the author and director to which she owes her early recognition and now lives as a recluse in Sils Maria (Switzlerland). But the sudden death of the latter a few hours before the ceremony puts Maria Enders against the vertigo of time that is of a past which she hasn't got away with. And even more when a young director in vogue asks her to play again in MalojaSnake but this time on the other side of the story Helena's from the destruction of who she's built her notoriety. Caught in the turmoil of a divorce which deprives her of any sentimental support her only interlocutor is her assistant Valentine both the multi task assistant and her only friend even if Maria and Valentine are trying to remove ambiguities of this intimate and exclusive relationship. But the real threat is called Jo-Ann Ellis a very young Hollywood actress with a scandalous reputation and who'll play Sigrid. At once a rival and a disturbing mirror of her youth which she will have no choice but to deal with. In order to reconcile with time with age with maturity ending by learning that at all seasons of a life you must conquer freedom independence and also the strength to be yourself and sometimes painfully.