Based in Simla the McNallys are an Anglo-Indian family consisting of Paul and his wife Catherine. Both are full of joy when Catherine gives birth to a baby girl Michelle but their joy is short-lived when they are told that Michellle cannot see nor hear. Both attempt to bring up Michelle in their own protective way as a result Michelle is not exposed to the real world and becomes increasingly violent and volatile. Things only get worse when Catherine gives birth to Sara and Paul considers admitting Michelle in an asylum. It is here that Debraj Sahai enters their lives. Through his eager involvement Michelle blossoms grows gives up her violence even gets admitted in school with normal children. The years pass by Michelle does not succeed in getting her graduation and it is time for Debraj to bid adieu as he is having his own health problems. 12 years later at the age of 40 Michelle does succeed in graduating in Arts and it is shortly thereafter she will be re-united with her teacher. No longer the same alcoholic eccentric - but a bent older male who cannot even remember speech leave alone what he taught. Watch what happens when Michelle attempts to re-enter his 'blank' life. Unethical and eccentric Debraj Sahay is hired by the McNally family to educate Michelle who is both deaf and mute. The initial experience is a disaster prompting Michelle's dad to ask Debraj to leave however he begs Mrs. McNally to give him another chance and she does so when her husband is away. Debraj strives to bring some light in Michelle's dark life and does succeed considerably and is actually able to impress her dad so much so that he gets hired to look after her. The years go by and Michelle and Debraj share a bond between them - not knowing it is this bond that will only serve to severe their relationship in the near future. Michelle McNally is an unfortunate child: an illness in her infancy has rendered her blind  mute and deaf . She is living in a dark world when Debraj Sahay comes into her life as her teacher and teaches her the meaning of words and how to express them . As she grows up  the challenge of becoming a graduate and living her life with pride arising from a sense of accomplishment looms in front of her . There are many obstacles - like the world which has no patience for disabled persons  and the deteriorating mental condition of her teacher ... but Michelle pursues her goal and narrates her story of victory achieved in spite of all hindrances . Michelle McNally is "special" in more ways than one. She cannot see - nor hear nor speak - She inhabits a world of infinite black - of a seamless endless void where nothing reaches her and she reaches nothing. Her world is frightening in its complete remoteness. On the sheer will of her ferocious rage against destiny Michelle struggles to stay afloat in the impenetrable whirlpool her life has become. into this devastating isolation enters a battle weary teacher Debraj Sahai life's wounded but arrogantly insolent warrior. With a single-minded obsessions Debraj takes up a challenge that is next to impossible - to lead this wild uncontrollable child into the light of knowledge. Thus beings a journey of two headstrong individuals. They will overcome failures obstacles even ridicule as they tread the path less taken. What they seeks is that moment of miracle when the ray of knowledge will penetrate through the dense black of Michelle's life - Black is the cathartic tale of a deaf mute and blind girl who saw what people with sight fail to see a vision of her God. Michelle McNally saw what other lesser mortals could not. She saw her God Heard Him and walked with Him into the light. Debraj Sahay is a teacher to Michelle McNally who is both deaf & blind he meets her as an eight year old who doesn't understand anything. She is violent confused and unable to comprehend her life. Her world is "BLACK". Debraj leads her from this darkness and confusion into light and hope how he makes her discover her an identity this makes her feel human rather than someone inferior with a disability. He is her teacher her Guru the one who leads her from darkness into light.