Vijay Saxena lives a middle-class lifestyle along with his college-going sister Sweety in a small town in India. He gets a job as a Professor at the City College where he meets with Sweety's friend Sudha Verma and both fall in love with each other. When a student Adhikari attempts to molest Sudha Vijay comes to her rescue only to subsequently apologize to Adhikari when Sudha retracts her testimony and ends up blaming Vijay for molesting her. Later Vijay finds out that Adhikari and some goons had threatened to harm Sudha's younger sister and the duo resume their romance. With the help of Inspector Arjun Singh Vijay is able to get Kalicharan the son of gangster don Natwarlal arrested and held in a cell much to the chagrin of Natwarlal. Arjun gets killed Sweety witnesses his death and takes Inspector Arvind Phadke to the murder scene but Arjun's body is missing. Subsequently Sweety is molested and killed. Inspector Arvind Phadke arrests Vijay for molesting his sister. Watch what happens during the trial amidst Vijay's pleas that he is not guilty of this heinous crime. Vijay Saxena lives an honest middle class life with his sister Sweety he comes to aid of a college student Sudha who is molested by another student Adhikari but in testimony Sudha blames Vijay as her molester Vijay finds out that Sudha was forced to change her statement as Adhikari's friend Kalicharan son of a don Natwar had kidnapped her sisterVijay takes the help of inspector Arjun Singh and puts Kalicharan behind bars soon.Love blossoms between Vijay and SudhaNatwar's illegal activities continue in the city.Arjun Singh tries to stop it but gets killed and the only witness for the murder is Sweety she along with inspector Arvind Phadke goes to the spot where Arjun was murdered but his body goes missingSweety is then raped and killed by Kalicharan and his men and Vijay is jailed for this brutal crime seven years later Vijay leaves from jail he sets out for revenge against all persons responsible for putting him in jail.