Tomas works as a funeral service worker he removes dead body fluids and sanitizes the places of death. He cleans the household in absence of its residents at work he collects his pay in cash goes home - to wait for the next call. Tomas is not very sociable. The claims to the psychiatrist where he is obviously obliged to attend that he sometimes goes out for a beer with his colleagues but in reality his closest people are his neighbours whose conversations he sometimes hears through the bathroom ventilation shaft. Regular telephone calls with his mother also cannot be considered as a more significant socialization element since they always contain the same questions and answers regarding the current state of each of them. "Fine. And you?" The stereotype of HIS days is only disrupted in a moment when he panics and hides in one of the households as the people who live there return so that they don't find out he hasn't left yet although he should have done so a long time ago. Unnoticed he watches the family life which is miles apart from his and fascinated by what he has seen at the next occasion he stays hidden at the flats of the next bereaved people on purpose. Watching other peoples' lives becomes a hobby and the hobby turns into a passion when he falls in love in one of the flats. He breaks his rule of a single visit to one place and returns several times to the flat where SHE Kristína (22) the object of his fascination lives with her older brother. With every visit he learns better that something is not all right with this household... The brother who spends all the suspiciously raised money in the local gaming club demands from his sister to bring home money from more than just the service in a nearby fast-food. SHE groundlessly feels guilty of the fatal car accident of their parents after which her brother had to take care of her (being underage) and so she agrees and lets her brother bring customers at night who pay well for her "services". After several of HIS visits SHE reveals that they are sometimes not alone with her brother at home but she reacts to his presence in a calm manner she doesn't let her brother know about him and starts meeting HIM outside. There the couple has a chance to get to know their bizarre characters compare the scars on their bodies and souls. She testifies why she accepts the humiliation from her brother he discloses that his mother regularly calls him from prison where she ended up after killing his tyrannical father.