Noah McManus is leaving his job with the Boston mayor's office for a dream gig in Washington D.C. But in a single day he finds out his new boss in Washington can no longer employ him and that his girlfriend has been cheating on him. Devastated Noah travels to a quaint Cape Cod town and unexpectedly finds himself at home. Noah McManus young and integer spin doctor of Boston's egotistic-turned mayor Grant ordered an expensive diamond ring to wed his fiancée and celebrate his dream job as assistant to an upright US senator to be delivered at a romantic countryside small town Cape Cod hotel. But the senator is ruined by a scandal and his fiancée proves a faithless gold-digger so he decides to pick up the ring for a needed refund now he's unemployed. Due to delivery delay he's forced to stay a while at the hotel and gets interested in charming politically clueless the owner Sam Peabody's desperate mayoral election fight against slick real estate developer Randall Henderson whose mall projects would wreck the old-fashioned charm. Noah must choose whether to rejoin the mayor's now failing campaign team as his Boston buddy Elliot Larkin begs or take on Randall for a quiet life as country mayor with the local bookshop owner as feisty partner. Everything in Noah McManus' life is going his way. Being jaded in his current job as incumbent Boston Mayor Christine Grantt's Chief of Staff and head of her reelection campaign team he has just been offered his dream job working for Senator William Hayden in Washington DC. And despite he not being able to wait to pop the question at a romantic country inn on Cape Cod as was his plan his girlfriend Wendy Greenhill accepts his marriage proposal proposing something she has long pressured him to do. But all these things going right suddenly go wrong. After burning the bridges with Mayor Grantt he learns that his new job is no more as Senator Hayden has accepted illegal campaign contributions. And he finds out that Wendy has been cheating on him he coming to the realization that she was not truly in love with him but in love with the prospect of being married. Feeling lost he decides first to head to Cape Cod to the inn where he was going to propose to Wendy where he had the jeweler send the engagement ring for pickup. It is the Landing Inn owned and operated by Sam and Lillian Peabody in small town Harpswell. One thing leads to another in Noah needing to stay in Harpswell. There the residents get to know him and he them. He gets embroiled in the upcoming election of town manager where who seems to be the leading candidate Randall Henderson has long worked in the development of strip malls something he wants built on an untouched pristine piece of property in Harpswell solely to line his own pockets. Soft spoken Sam is running against Henderson solely as a voice against Randall's development proposal. Having no where else to go Noah doesn't mind staying for now especially as he is falling for pretty local bookstore owner Hailey Caldwell who is on Sam's side in the development debate. But Noah will have to decide if Harpswell is in his long term future when his more lucrative big city past comes calling again.