A newspaper reporter exploits an ordinary man for few rupees to pose as a man who is fighting against the corrupt politicians and prints imaginary stories in his name to improve the circulation of her newspaper. People take him for real and he becomes a powerful leader of poor man. One day the paper prints a letter in his name that he is going to end his life fighting corruption. This puts the ordinary man in a fix. He knows that at this juncture he can't refute the accuracy of all those stories. He also realizes that he is the sole hope of millions. Finally he buckles under moral pressure and jumps from an incomplete multi-storied building and ends his life. When Rajnagar's leading newspaper is taken over by Gokuldas he is shocked to see that the marketing is quite low as a result of competition and attempts to change this by arranging a meeting with Pandey and the paper's editor Sharma. One of his solutions to solve this problem is by laying off staff which include reporter Subhashni Saigal - who is then influence by Sharma that in order to retain her job she must publish a sensational and thrilling article that can captive the public's attention. There-after a story about a male character is publish by the name of Azaad who is frustrated about the corruptions taking place in society to the extent of committing suicide by jumping from an under-construction hospital. This article then widen the paper's monopoly gap to the extent that the public is enchanted to meet with Azaad promoting Subhashni Saigal to approach a street bumpkin to play the role of Azaad. Azaad's popularity materialize when people find that there is power in his voice and speeches. Eventually the Chief Minister arranges to meet with Azaad and is impressed with the way Azaad conducts himself and defend his freedom of speech - this takes him to greater heights when he manages to solve the problems of sugar workers and university students. His tenure will come to an end when he gets to find out that he is a mere puppet in the hands of Gokuldas - who was paid a fee for help paving the way so that Gokuldas could become the next Chief Minister. Gokuldas has taken over Rajnagar's leading newspaper and would like to increase it's circulation manifold. He holds a conference with Pandey and Editor Sharma to this effect. Sharma is asked to let go of some employees including Reporter Subhashini Saigal. On her last day at work she writes a letter from one Azaad threatening to kill himself by falling from an under-construction hospital site. This story captures the interest of the people who demand to know who Azaad is. Gokuldas and his staff present Azaad to the public who are captivated by his manner of speaking and leadership qualities. Soon Azaad gains city-wide recognition and everyone including the State's Chief Minister Gulabchand Damodar wants to meet and befriend him. Azaad however chooses to befriend sugar-cane farmers university youth and mill workers much to ire of the Mill Owners' Association's president Dal Chand Jain. What the general public do not know is that Azaad is not even a real entity the man they called Azaad is a homeless bum who has been paid by Gokuldas so that he can pave the way for him to become the next Chief Minister. Watch how events unfold when the public find out the fraud imposed on them and what impact this will have on Azaad Subhashini Gokuldas and others.