Secrets. Everyone has one. Some are bigger than others. And when secrets are revealed Some will heal you ... And some will end you. But the biggest secret of all remains hidden from plain sight. The secret of love. For if love is forever blind then perhaps a blind person who dares to love has a more insightful path to tread towards unraveling its mystery. A brutal accident transported unconventional Kataleya Stan a woman of timeless beauty dedicated to art in its totality into a barren and isolated reality which human perception can never comprehend. Upon this lonely journey she comes across dashing Victor York a seemingly arrogant uber-wealthy industrialist of dubious notoriety who is trapped in an existential crisis of guilt for selling his soul to became who he is. The two embark upon a search for what constitutes a life worth living. Is the power of love strong enough to cure the pain of going blind? Will she allow him into her closed desolate world? Will he allow her to show him the deepest spiritual freedom he desperately seeks? In this captivating story miracles don't just happen people make them happen. Two diverse souls one burning desire....and a GIFT. Secrets. Everyone has one. Some are bigger than others. And when secrets are revealed Some will heal you ... And some will end you. But the biggest secret of all remains hidden from plain sight. The secret of love. For if love is forever blind then perhaps a blind person who dares to love has a more insightful path to tread towards unraveling its mystery. A brutal accident transported unconventional Kataleya Stan a woman of timeless beauty dedicated to art in its totality into a barren and isolated reality which human perception can never comprehend. Upon this lonely journey she comes across dashing Victor York a seemingly arrogant uber-wealthy industrialist of dubious notoriety who is trapped in an existential crisis of guilt for selling his soul to became who he is. The two embark upon a search for what constitutes a life worth living. Is the power of love strong enough to cure the pain of going blind? Will she allow him into her closed desolate world? Will he allow her to show him the deepest spiritual freedom he desperately seeks? In this captivating story miracles don't just happen people make them happen. Two diverse souls one burning desire....and a GIFT.......