Juliette La Monde the musical comedy star admired by men loves Morgan Grant who has grown weary of married life. Grant demands a divorce from his wife Martha but her religion prevents her giving him his freedom. She leaves promising he will never see her. Mrs. Nicholson Juliette's mother always dreams and prays for her. Robert her husband a stern Englishman is not in sympathy with his wife where Juliette his stepdaughter is concerned. Francine his seven-year-old daughter has no knowledge of her grown up sister. Mrs. Nicholson becomes ill. Dr. Stewart divines the reason for her sinking health. On the opening night of a new review Dr. Stewart calls Juliette to be present at her mother's death. At her mother's home her cruel stepfather denies her right to be there. Francine has decked herself in the cloak left by Juliette. A week later he sails for England. Juliette recovers from a severe illness. Ten years pass. Juliette is constant to Grant. She expresses gratitude for having made her happy but his ardor is beginning to cool. In England Francine attends a convent. Martha a teacher in the convent has never spoken of her sorrow. She becomes friendly with Francine. Juliette writes her stepfather asking him to send Francine to her so that she may make amends by her devotion. Amy Barker an American girl gives accounts of gay life that awaken in Francine a desire to "really live." Arriving at her father's home she finds him dead from a stroke of apoplexy brought on by his fury at Juliette's daring to write. Reading the letter Francine realizes Juliette is her sister and decides to go to her. Juliette makes radical changes in her mode of living. She sends Grant away. When Grant revolts she reminds him Francine is only a little girl. Amy Barker introduces Francine to the younger smart set as well as to the ritual of cocktail drinking. Juliette awaits Francine. She is happy in her ability to be kind to her. Dr. Stewart's son Philip who has won honors at West Point becomes interested in Francine. Several months later Grant comes upon Francine. He introduces himself as an old friend of Juliette and is surprised to find her a beautiful girl instead of the noisy gawk he had expected. When Grant complains to Juliette of her changed behavior she tells him the responsibility of bringing up a little sister has changed her. When she intimates that she is looking forward to a match between Francine and Philip he calls Juliette a fool. She tells him marriage is the sweetest lot of a woman for then she can have children. A few days later Juliette is shocked to find that Francine has been smoking but Francine responds that Amy and all smart girls smoke and drink. Francine thinks herself far above the love of such men as Philip. Philip is heartbroken. Juliette comes upon Francine puffing at Grant's cigarette. After sending Francine to dress Juliette embraces Grant and is shocked to find that he is indifferent to her caress. Amy tells Francine about Juliette's past. Juliette sees Morgan kissing Francine. She intercepts a note from Morgan saying he expects Francine at his apartment at four. Francine tells Juliette she has no right to advise a young girl in view of her own past. Grant dismisses his servants for the day. Juliette locks Francine in her room and goes to Grant's apartment. When Grant accuses her of jealousy she tells him love for him and duty to Francine prompted her action. Juliette is willing to let Grant marry Francine if he will secure a divorce but he says a man of his type could never remarry. She wants him to write Francine that he will never see her again. When he refuses she shoots him. Overcome by remorse she pleads for forgiveness. Realizing his love for Juliette Grant writes a confession indicating that he is tired of living. Before he dies Grant asks Juliette's forgiveness. Juliette tells Francine of Grant's death and though she seems overcome sorrow leaves but a slight scar on her heart. She later accepts Philip. Somewhere in France is Juliette. As a Red Cross nurse she has occasion at the sacrifice of her own life to save Martha. Before she dies Juliette is forgiven by Martha.