After being abandoned by her mother and adopted by Dr.McLean little Johanna grows into an attractive young woman. She falls in love with medical student Gerald but trouble ensues for both when the naive fellow falls for an older woman who turns out to be Johanna's long lost mother. Now it is up to the kindly doctor to bring Johanna and Gerald back together. John McClean is a young doctor who has worked hard to gain comfort for his mother in her old age. Just as fortune begins to smile his mother dies and at the age of thirty he is left a successful but a lonely man with just one friend a little brown mouse. He attends the death-bed of a poor musician who leaves a little girl of eight penniless. John has been kind to the child and on the night of the funeral she appears at his door saying that she has come to be his housekeeper. He tries to explain that this is impossible but finding her starving and ill-treated determines to adopt her. Ten years later John has become wealthy. His adopted daughter (christened Johanna but called Jo) is engaged to Gerald. When John's consent is asked he hides his love for Jo but questions Gerald about his past knowing that he has had a love affair with a widow of doubtful reputation. Gerald assures him that is all over but the reappearance of the widow soon puts a different light on the matter. When Gerald remains away for two or three days John goes to the house of Leonie (the widow). He discovers her on the eve of departure with Gerald. She defies the doctor and laughs at his solicitude for Jo. John leaves although Gerald is shaken by the contempt of his friend John. Amongst Jo's friends is a poor girl called Sue. She was about to be married to a bank clerk when he became attracted to a young widow. He neglected Sue and the matter ended in his serving a term of imprisonment for theft instigated by the woman. At the time of Jo's trouble Sue's sweetheart has been released and he comes back a crushed and broken man. Sue recognizes in Leonie the woman who ruined her sweetheart and taking her sweetheart exposes Leonia to Gerald. She tries to deny her guilt and determines to be revenged. John's words are fixed on her memory "Jo does not know that such women as you exist." She sends for Jo and is about to open her eyes to the horrible side of life when she discovers that Jo is her own child. Next day she goes to John telling him the truth and demanding the girl. However her better nature conquers and she leaves without disclosing the truth to Jo. Meanwhile Jo discovers that John loves her and realizes the love of such a man is worth more than that of the weak vacillating Gerald.