Running away from a bar without paying the bill is just the first adventure for Liz (mother to newborn Nicanor) and Rosa (supposed mother to newborn Clarisa). This budding friendship between nursing mothers starts with the promise of liberation but soon ends up being a dangerous business. Living in the Patagonia region of Argentina married couple Gustavo and Liz are a documentary filmmaker and publishing house editor/writer respectively. With Gustavo away in Chile filming a movie Liz is feeling alone and overwhelmed at home taking care of their first child newborn Nicanor. Liz inherently already feels like a bad mother as she can't produce enough milk to breastfeed. Although she has friends who are parents she feels she can't intrude on their already busy lives. She gets some relief when she hires slightly older Yazmina to do some of the domestic work with she also able to look after Nica in extenuating circumstances. However Liz does not want Yazmina ever to give Nica a bottle unless truly necessary in Liz feeling this the most fundamental and intimate act in showing Nica that she is his one and only mother. One day while playing with Nica in the park Liz meets Rosa a working class factory worker and her newborn daughter Clarisa the two mothers who instantly bond. Through Rosa Liz eventually also meets her sister Renata. Because of Yazmina and Rosa Liz begins to feel like some of her life is again her own in reconnecting with friends and work. However Liz slowly begins to regret having met Rosa who she feels is taking more out of their friendship than she is giving especially as she can see directly the true relationship between Rosa Renata and Clarisa that relationship which Rosa somewhat misrepresented. As Liz again begins to feel overwhelmed with Rosa Renata and even Yazmina adding to her stress rather than taking it away Liz with a somewhat clouded mind due to her emotions has to decide what to do especially about having Rosa and by association Renata in her life.