Deepak Verma is framed for a Murder by GD Thakral even thou he is innocent his wife Aarti pleads to Thakral but it goes unanswered and Deepak is hanged till deathAarti disappears after the incident her children Arun and Komal believe she is dead they both become homelessArun starts doing odd jobs and becomes a famous lawyer in the city and someday wants to fight a case opposite Thakral while Komal is still at collegeGeeta comes to Arun to ask him to fight case of her sister Dr Asha Arun rejects at first but later risks his life and gives justice to Asha as he finds Asha was framedArun and Geeta start meeting and fall in love Komal be friend's VickyVicky whose a spoil brat of ThakralAsha 's husband Dinesh notices photo of Arun 's mother in his house and recollects that she is still alive and living in and asylum and suffering from mental disorderArun gets his mother home feeling she might get back to normal he enters a function which has Thakral has chief guest and insults himVicky now decides to take revenge of this insult and comforts Komal to get married to him this angers Arun Geeta takes Komal to stay with her in Asha and Dinesh 's houseVicky calls Komal and asks her to elope with him but Vicky's former girlfriend Indu reaches and tells Komal that Vicky is cheating her in a tiff Vicky kills Indu which is noticed by Dinesh and Asha meanwhile Arun reaches the spot to share good news that his mother is alright and he is shocked to see Indu being murdered Vicky is arrested the same night and at Indu's funeral Arun notices that she is the daughter of Gupta who had tried hard to prove his father innocent and decides to give justice to InduArun's long wait is now over as he wanted to battle opposite Thakral he tells him that he is son of Deepak whom he falsely acquitted now Thakral and Vicky will pay for their crimes after a lot of courtroom drama Arun proves that Vicky is guilty for Indu's murder and judge orders him to be hangedThakral being biggest lawyer in the city can't take this that he couldn't save his son and looses his mental balance and is put in asylum Aarti now lives happily with her children. Honest and diligent Deepak Varma is framed for murder he claims he did not commit. The Public Prosecutor G.D. Thakral while aware of his innocence does nothing and Deepak is hanged. His widowed wife goes to G.D. Thakral for assistance but is instead humiliated in the presence of her child Arun. She runs away and subsequently loses her mind and no one knows about her whereabouts. Years later Arun has grown up studied law and is now practicing law and assisting people who cannot afford a lawyer. When he is approached by Geeta Mathur to represent her brother Dinesh Mathur he initially refuses but then reconsiders and is successful in this case. He then meets with G.D. Thakral and memories which have haunted him for years return and Arun decides to wage war against Thakral not knowing that in so doing he may himself be entrapped as his father was.