Priscilla Glenn is a product of the woods a wild impulsive nature-loving child. Her father is her antithesis seeing none of the beauties of nature thinking women only creatures to be browbeaten. Between her mother and herself there existed a strong bond of love and understanding understanding that they were companions in the same misery and unhappiness. Priscilla had to fight for an education. At last through the efforts of Anton Farwell the schoolmaster Priscilla had the opportunity of beginning her education. For a rest there came to the spot Mrs. Travers and her crippled boy Dick and later a specialist Dr. Leydward who was to eventually straighten the crooked limbs of the boy. Priscilla and Dick met and a romance between the two was begun. Jerry Jo a half-breed coveted the girl and lured her to a house on the hill where there was a library. Although the girl was as sweet and pure when she returned home the next day her father sent her from his roof. Priscilla went to her only friend Anton Farwell and together they started for a new country. For Farwell was hiding from the world. In the long ago he had loved Joan Moss and for the love of her killed the brother of Dr. Leydward. Before Priscilla and Farwell had gone far he received word that he must choose the alternative of living buried in the woods or in prison. So Priscilla went on to find her way alone in the big city with the mission to look for Joan. Priscilla devoted her life to the care of the sick and so once more she and Dick Travers met and worked hand in hand for suffering humanity. It was thus that she knew Dr. Leydward and his daughter Margaret who was to wed Clyde Hunter. One day as Priscilla was strolling in the park she saw Jerry Jo now a nondescript beggar. Towards him she bore no malice but a strong desire to make life happier. On following Jerry Jo to the tenement room he called home some of the inmates mistook her for an angel of mercy for a dying woman who was none other than Joan. From her lips she learned that the crippled child belonged to the affianced of Margaret Leydward and also secured Farwell's exoneration. She showed Leydward and Margaret the true type of the man the latter was about to marry. Then she wandered back to the "place beyond the wind" to find comfort and peace. She found that her mother had died and her father had been stricken blind and still refused to own her as his own flesh and blood and a second time sent her from his home. And then crushed and wounded she again found solace in her old friend Anton Farwell who a short time previous had returned to his home. To Farwell she told of the finding of Joan but left with him his ideal of her of her trueness and worth of trust. Priscilla returned once more to her little sanctuary in the woods where she had erected her own altar to her own God and where too she first met Dick. And there he found her. For realizing his love for her he had followed her to the "place beyond the wind" and for a second time with his old violin he started a new spark in the life of tho one woman the one whom he would cherish and love and protect as long as time went on.