An intelligent attractive dominatrix female psychiatrist takes it upon herself to bring a very mentally-unstable Joseph Stalin back into functional shape during his nervous breakdown as Hitler invades Russia. It's June 1941 and Joseph's Stalin new 'ally' in the non-aggression pact Adolf Hitler does a surprise invasion of the USSR. It's the first time 'Man of Steel' Joseph Stalin doesn't get his way in his masterfully-planned rise to global domination. Haunted by ghosts demons and atrocities to his own people he did in his past he has a nervous breakdown locking himself in his room communicating with NO one. In the meantime through terror and manipulation he has built a country where NO one does ANYthing without his say so and the Generals are waiting for orders as to how to fight back or IF they should fight back. Nazi storm troopers are taking over the USSR meeting no effective resistance and 'Uncle Joe' Stalin is to blame since he ignored warnings from a German deserter about the attack and had the informer executed. But the now delusional terrified and psychotic 'Uncle Joe' is not alone in his room. Locked in with him is an attractive intelligent Jewish female psychiatrist who reveals to him that she was an American Idealist who came to Russia after the 1917 Revolution thinking it would be a Democratic Worker's Paradise discovering by the time Stalin took over a few years later that it was an oppressive fear-infested Inferno. Still she has feelings for Stalin as he was once her hero and she hopes he could be again. She makes Stalin face his tortured and sorted past focusing on his relationship with his psychotic mother his abusive father and "God" a boss/friend who Uncle Joe still sees as his major 'competition' despite his continuous assertion that He doesn't exist. At great risk to herself the Jewess psychiatrist turns the quivering coward into a man who takes it upon himself to stop the Nazi invasion of his country a task he perhaps will do with humanity and compassion that he once had as a child.