Near the Bosporus Eyüp and Hacer live in a modest flat with their son Ismail in his twenties who's doing poorly in his studies. Few words pass between them and a past family tragedy brings sorrow daily. On a rainy night Eyüp's boss Servet a wealthy businessman who's entering politics hits a pedestrian on a lonely road. He drives off and offers money to Eyüp if Eyüp will take the fall - probably a six-month sentence. Eyüp agrees and while he's in prison Ismail wants his mother to ask Servet for enough money to buy a car. Servet in turn desires Hacer. How can this play out? While driving late night on a lonely road the wealthy politician Servet hits a person and flees from the crime scene. The hit-and-run driver calls his employee Eyüp who lives in a simple house with his wife Hacer and their teenager son Ismail and offers to continue to monthly pay his salary and a large amount in the end of the sentence to Eyüp to take the blame for the accident. Eyüp accepts the offer and goes to prison along less than a year. Meanwhile Ismail who is a reckless student wants to use part of the money that Servet owes to his father to buy a car to work as a school driver. When the beautiful Hacer visits Servet to receive the money he makes a pass at Hacer. One day Ismail returns home before traveling to visit his father and he sees Servet leaving his house and he presses his mother. When Eyüp is released Ismail drives his father home and he leans that Hacer had taken part of the money to buy the car. When Servet does not discount the amount from the payoff Eyüp suspects that Hacer is an unfaithful wife in the beginning of a family tragedy. While driving late night on a lonely road the wealthy politician Servet hits a person and flees from the crime scene. The hit-and-run driver calls his employee Eyüp who lives in a simple house with his wife Hacer and their teenager son Ismail and offers to continue to monthly pay his salary and a large amount in the end of the sentence to Eyüp to take the blame for the accident. Eyüp accepts the offer and goes to prison along less than a year. Meanwhile Ismail who is a reckless student wants to use part of the money that Servet owes to his father to buy a car to work as a school driver. When the beautiful Hacer visits Servet to receive the money he makes a pass at Hacer. One day Ismail returns home before traveling to visit his father and he sees Servet leaving his house and he presses his mother. When Eyüp is released Ismail drives his father home and he learns that Hacer had taken part of the money to buy the car. When Servet does not discount the amount from the payoff Eyüp suspects that Hacer is an unfaithful wife in the beginning of a family tragedy.