Rizwan Khan a Muslim from the Borivali section of Mumbai suffers from Asperger's syndrome a form of high-functioning autism that complicates socialization. The adult Rizwan marries a Hindu single mother Mandira in San Francisco. After 9/11 Rizwan is detained by authorities at LAX who mistake his disability for suspicious behavior. Following his arrest he meets Radha a therapist who helps him deal with his situation and his affliction. Rizwan then begins a journey to meet US President Bush to clear his name. During November 2007 San Francisco-based autistic Rizwan Khan en-route to meet the President of the USA so that he can convey that his name is Khan and he is not a terrorist recalls his life initially with his Bombay-based dad Dilawar Amanaullah Khan; mom Razia; and brother Zakir. Dilawar works for the State Transport workshop in Borivali and Rizwan accompanies him learns the trade and can repair virtually anything. After his passing Rizwan is abused by his classmates as well as by Zakir who feels neglected so she hires Wadia to teach Rizwan. Years later Zakir decides to re-locate to U.S.A. and once there gets married to Hasina. He sponsors Razia and Rizwan but Razia passes away. In San Francisco where Zakri runs 'Mehnaz Herbal Beauty Products' Rizwan is hired as a door-to-door salesman while Hasina concludes that he has Asperger's Syndrome. While selling products he meets with and is attracted to a Hindu Salon worker Mandira Rathod a single mother of Sameer whose husband abandoned her and re-located to Australia. Both Rizwan and Mandira decide to get married much to Zakir's chagrin who asks Rizwan to leave. The trio re-locate to Banville open their own salon encounter racial profiling after the 9-11 terrorist attacks are blacklisted shunned and suffer losses and then Sameer gets killed. Mandira blames Rizwan for her plight and asks him to leave while she decides to pursue Sameer's death with Detective Miguel Garcia. Rizwan sets on his journey to meet Mr. Bush - little knowing that soon he will be detained as a terrorist suspect himself and held at an unknown location. Rizwan Khan a Muslim man suffering from Aspergus Syndrome goes to America (San Francisco) over there he meets Mandira a Hindu women single mother Rizwan marry her and they start their new life but after 9/11 attacks in America every Muslims been doubted by the Americans and Rizwan and Mandira's life gets ruined by that incident so to clear his name Rizwan goes on a journey to meet the President of the United States.