Mihir Shandilya is a multi-millionaire bachelor who at a very young age is an icon of the new-aged India. A television channel invites celebrities for their programs and Mihir is being interviewed. On being questioned on his potential life partner Mihir confesses his love life on a record program that there is a woman in his life to whom he wants to propose marriage. The hosts respects his views and invites them for the show. Mihir is on a business trip abroad wants Julie to accept him as her husband and expects an affirmative answer once he is back. Julie is unnerved by the program and want to be on the same program and talk about herself to the viewers. She wants to confess that she is a prostitute a fact that Mihir and his family members are unaware of. Mihir was amused that his lover had confessed about her life so publicly and after his initial indignation had only one thing to say 'If you truly love then set it free because if its meant to be it shall come back to you'. Julie finally finds her true love that is willing to stand by her under any circumstances. Mihir Shandilya is a multi-millionaire ranked as the most eligible bachelor in India. He meets with an attractive young woman several times during his trip to Bombay and finds out that her name is Julie. He assists her when he finds out her purse has been stolen and a friendship is formed which soon blossom into love. Mihir proposes marriage and Julie accepts. Mihir then takes Julie to introduce her to his family who are delighted with Mihir's choice and welcome her with open arms. What the Shandilya family do not know that Julie is a high priced prostitute who is now going to publicly tell the story of her life on television - live! After being badly let-down by boyfriends both at home in Goa and in Mumbai Julie decides to use her natural assets and becomes a successful call-girl. A chance encounter with well-to-do Mihir away from her work leads to a deepening relationship a proposal of marriage and meetings with his family. Julie realizes she now has the problem of how best to tell him about her secret profession.