A wealthy landlord and tong leader falls in love with the beautiful daughter of one of his tenants a tea-shop merchant. However a poor employee of the girl's father also loves her and she loves him. When the tong leader goes to the girl's father to arrange a marriage she refuses him and her lover tells the tong leader that he loves her and will marry her. The tong leader determines to have the girl for his own and to teach this upstart boy a lesson about defying the leader's wishes. Ching Ting is a wealthy landlord and the leader of his Tong. Sam Hop a tea merchant is his tenant and Chin calls for the rent. Sam sends his clerk Wong Wing to Lee Hoy to collect a debt that he owes. Wong Wing meets Lee Hoy's daughter Suey Lee with whom he falls in love. Suey Lee wishing to see Wong Wing again goes to Sam Hop's shop. The lovers are having an interesting conversation when Chin Ting enters. He decides that the girl would make a fine wife. He asks Sam Hop to try to arrange for a marriage. Lee is flattered. But Suey Lee makes strenuous objections. Sam reports the favorable answer much to the distress of Wong Wing. Chin goes to call on the girl's family and is received with honor but Suey Lee will have nothing to do with him. Wong Wing enters in the midst of the negotiations making the excuse of delivering a package. He has heard Chin Ting trying to present a pair of jade bracelets to Suey Lee. Wong declares that he loves the girl. Lee says that if he can raise the dowry of nine hundred dollars he may have her. Wong determines to try the lottery but luck is against him and he wins nothing. Then he decides to try gambling. He wins at first then begins to lose and decides to try pai-gow or Chinese dominoes. Chin Ting sees that Wong is winning and instructs the dealer to cheat Wong who loses all of his savings. He declares that he has been cheated and has a quarrel with Chin who has him thrown out. Chin tells his Tong of the insults of Wong who belongs to a rival brotherhood. They decide death must avenge their leader. Two are chosen although Lee speaks for Wong. However Wong has been warned and the two men are disarmed and one killed. The other reports to Chin who calls another meeting. Lot falls on Lee Gow who hides confederates about the door of Wong's lodging. But Wong's Tong brothers are hidden on the roof and when Lee Gow steals up to kill Wong one of his brothers shoots and Lee is killed. His body is carried to the Tong and Chin Ting determines to bury it with honors and then proceed with the wedding. Lee before going on his mission locked his wife and daughter in an inner room of his house for he fears an uprising of the Tongs. So when Wong goes to Suey Lee he cannot enter the house. This makes him suspicious and he is more disturbed when the rival Tong leader and several men come to the house. He hides and sees them try to get in. Then they break down the door. He goes to the back of the house and makes his way through a window and is just in time to rescue Suey Lee from Chin Ting. We are allowed to suppose that the course of true love runs smooth after the rescue.