In the '80s Mack Cameron ('Timothy Bottoms' (qv)) was a star in his own right but now as a middle-aged actor in Hollywood he's working like crazy to stay in the game. Movie shoots keep him from his wife Liz ('Meredith Baxter' (qv)) and two sons for long stretches of time and his marriage is suffering from father's absence. Mack is locked in battle between work and family when he's offered a role in a small independent film shooting in his hometown of Littleton Texas. He grudgingly accepts the part bringing the family along in a last ditch attempt to reconnect with his boys and save his marriage. Everything changes for twelve year-old CJ ('Ben Estus' (qv)) when he is cast as Mack's co-star. Although a gifted performer the kid is misunderstood by just about everyone. Bullies seek him out at school while his father pushes him to play baseball like the other boys. After a promising start to the shoot Mack's decision to put his family first has repercussions on his career. At odds with himself he lashes out at everyone on set nearly taking out the production along with CJ's blossoming career. As Mack's life unravels CJ unknowingly inspires him to take a hard look at his own ambition and find something he didn't know he was missing; Mack has to nearly lose it all before he discovers his heart lies not in Hollywood but with his family in Littleton - his Paradise Texas. After a lifetime spent acting in television and film Mack Cameron ('Timothy Bottoms' (qv)) appears to have everything: fame wealth and a successful career in Hollywood. But despite it all he is miserable and he doesn't know why. Long hours relentless travel and constant hustling for new jobs keep him from his wife Liz ('Meredith Baxter' (qv)) and two young sons Tyler and Joe. To make matters worse his pushy publicist-and mother-Beverly ('Polly Bergen' (qv)) has an uncanny knack for appearing when Mack feels most aggrieved grating his nerves raw. Mack accepts roles in two films with overlapping schedules a big action flick filming on location in Canada and a low budget independent film shooting in his hometown of Littleton Texas. The indie doesn't pay much but the prospect of spending quality time with the family-while still working-is reason enough for Mack. Far away from the lights of Hollywood in Littleton CJ Kinney ('Ben Estus' (qv)) is struggling with his own problems. Although a gifted performer he is misunderstood by just about everyone. Bullies rough him up at school while his rancher dad Cal ('Brandon Smith (I)' (qv)) pushes him to play baseball like other boys his age. Cal is convinced twelve-year old CJ will grow up and take over the family business-even his wife Betsy ('Sheryl Lee' (qv)) cannot persuade Cal otherwise. CJ's electrifying dance routine is enough to prove to everyone -including his father-he is doing what he truly loves. CJ gets his first shot at the big screen when he is cast opposite Mack Cameron. Liz's patience runs thin during the shoot. She loves Mack's boyish charm but sometimes he misses the mark as a father and husband. When he loses his juicy role in the big studio picture he lashes out at everyone on set tumbling his relationships and almost taking CJ's burgeoning career as a casualty. Liz furious with Mack's behavior grabs the kids and heads back to LA leaving Mack alone with the one person he doesn't want to see-his mother. He is forced to confront his shortcomings as a husband as a father as an actor and as a man. Mack realizes for the first time -after witnessing CJ dance with a forgotten joy-he has been pursuing someone else's dream. It is through CJ's innocent eyes that Mack sees a new path unfolding before him. As Mack discovers all roads lead back to Littleton his own piece of Paradise. Stuck between work and family Mack Cameron must choose between his acting career and saving his marriage. While on a film shoot in his hometown of Littleton Texas one young boy inspires Mack to pursue his lost dream. Paradise Texas follows one man as he discovers it's never too late to be what you might have been.