In a rural Indian village two corrupt villagers contractor Tirpat Singh and his colleague MLA Durga Pandey are rallying the other villagers into doing things that will benefit themselves. Their main target is separating two brothers Abhay Singh and his younger brother Vinay who live with their father and respective wives - namely the two sisters - Chandravati who is marry to Abhay and Ketki who is marry to Vinay. To this extent their efforts mature into considerable progress when Abhay leave Chandravati in care of his father only to turn an ascetic who reside in a temple while at the same time Vinay is swindled in his construction business by the duo. Shortly after Chandravati take ill and is forced to take up resident with a sympathetic male villager Rambaran Manto who she shares an illegitimate relationship with. Meanwhile Vinay find out the true reality of Tirpat and Durga only to pull away from them. Then Vinay is killed in broad daylight leaving behind Ketki as the only witness to this crime; after Vinay's death the duo turn their attention to Ketki by physically tormenting her for the family's assets. MLA Durga Pandey and Contractor Tirpat Singh are two corrupt villagers who manipulate others to get what they want. Their main concern is to divide two brothers - namely Abhay Singh and his younger brother Vinay. They do succeed considerably after Abhay renounces married life and takes on the celibate life of a temple priest leaving his wife Chandravati alone devastated and dependent on Rambaran a sympathetic villager. Vinay is in love with Ketki and soon both get married. Ketki seeks to protect her husband from the growing influence of Tirpat Singh but Vinay ignores her and even physically abuses her warning her not to interfere with his affairs. However Vinay later realizes that Tirpat has taken advantage of his friendship and swindled him. Vinay is humbled he apologizes to Ketki and both of them put their resources together to do what then can to reclaim their property.