The story has to do with a crippled child Carol Bird the only daughter of her wealthy parents who are proud of two strong healthy sons in addition. Little Carol is a hopeless invalid and the tender love and affection of the entire family go out to her fearing the day when the soul shall take its flight from the fragile body. Carol has a devoted Uncle Jack also a traveler in distant lands who cheers her by a letter in which he promises to come home and spend Christmas with her. But little Carol has other friends outside of her sphere indeed but nevertheless faithful loyal friends who would go any length to spare her pain or to bring her pleasure. These are none other than the nine ragged members of the Ruggles family little boys and girls who live nearby whom Carol has often watched at play and wished that she could join them. Mrs. Ruggles their widowed mother toils ceaselessly to bring up this healthy brood of hers from Sarah Maude the elder and the little mother down to sturdy little Larry the pet and pride of the Ruggles' family. Shortly before Christmas Carol who had been planning for some time to give a pleasant surprise to her Ruggles friends asks her mother if she can invite them to a Christmas dinner. Mrs. Bird gladly consents and so the letter of invitation is written by Carol and is carried to Mrs. Ruggles by Sarah Maude. The commotion which this letter creates is best told in the pictures as are also the preparations made by Mrs. Ruggles to have her children appear in presentable condition. The mirth which these preparations create seizes the spectator with such continuous grip that he loses the sense of time and place. He is truly in the midst of it all at times earnestly sympathizing with Mrs. Ruggles in the knotty problems that confront her and sincerely admiring the resourcefulness that overcomes every difficulty. Peory for instance has no stockings and Mrs. Ruggles surmounts the difficulty by telling Clem her eldest boy to go out and ask Mrs. Cullen a neighbor to lend her a pair and to promise that Peory will give her boy Jim Cullen half of her candy. Peory flares up at this bargain but Mrs. Ruggles settles the matter by asking: "Which would you rather do. Give Jim half your candy or go to the party barelegged?" The said stockings arc a sight striped not like a zebra but black and white! "Thay'll be the makin' of you! Ain't they stylish Peory?" Mrs. Ruggles says to that disgruntled young lady as she surveys them with delight. Then in an aside to the other gazing members of the family Mrs. Ruggles says confidently "Nobody'll fergit she's got 'em on." This is only a single sample of the mirthful preparations not omitting the dress rehearsal to which Mrs. Ruggles subjects her brood before they depart for the Bird mansion. They are certain to delight both old and young and people of all ages. The scene showing the Ruggles' family around the Christmas table with Uncle Jack seated at the head and the invalid Carol looking delightedly on will remain with everyone who sees it for some time to come. The director has seen to it that the Ruggles children eat just as they have been accustomed to eat at home and Larry eats so ravenously that his face soon begins to pucker up with pain which comes from an over-gorged "tummie." The closing scene is one of sadness. The merry Ruggles children have gone laden with beautiful Christmas presents taken from Carol's Christmas tree. In her mother's arms the child is seized by a great faintness. "Mother I do think we have kept Christ's birthday this time just as He wanted it done" she whispers and then passes away.