Aware that his sons Joseph and Dickie possess no business sense Henry Hyman on his deathbed tells his economy-minded private secretary Nora Blake to take charge of his jewelry store. After the old man dies however his manager Travers insists that he has been made the boss. He then uses the status that goes with the position as well as a necklace that he has stolen from the store to woo Lucile Hudson away from her fiance Dickie. While Dickie then becomes engaged to Edna Nora's best friend Nora begins a romance with Joseph who knows just enough about assets and deficits to complain that Travers is bankrupting the store. Nora then learns that Travers stole the necklace and has the police arrest him after which she assumes control of the business and marries Joseph. Nora Blake brought up among the poor of the tenements where the toiling mothers have no time to hunt bargains though every penny counts knew where to buy things the cheapest so they called her "The Little Shepherd of Bargain Row." The little shepherd fought herself up from the counters until she became the trusted private secretary of Henry J. Hyman owner of the famous Hyman's jewelry store. "Dickie" Hyman the younger son has just been expelled from school when the story opens and the elder Joseph a rich man's son too lazy to be bad is betrothed to Lucile Hudson daughter of a scheming mother. Travers the manager of the store is jealous of Nora's standing with the owner who has repeatedly signified that in event of his death he wished Nora to assume the management for his sons. On the night of his death he asked repeatedly for Nora but the scheming Travers already in too deep from purloined jewels sees that she is not found. He flashes letters from Hyman's deathbed to prove he is to be manager. However he is wise or unwise enough to keep Nora in her position. Travers gives Lucile an expensive necklace substituting an imitation and also schemes with her mother Mrs. Hudson for the disposition of other jewels. In the meantime the two Hyman boys go on an auto trip to forget their grief. Joseph the elder for whom Nora feels a genuine affection is badly hurt. Nora visits the house and learns of Travers' duplicity. Resourceful young woman that she is she recovers the lost jewels has Travers arrested and rights most of the wrongs. As she and Joseph are alone Dickie and Edna Nora's protégé whose interest in Dickie she feared burst into the room and announce their marriage. Nora is delighted. Only one thing more is required to make her completely happy. "Will you accept the management of the store and me for life?" asks Joseph. "Here goes my independence" laughs Nora the suffragette as Joseph's arm encircled her waist.