Between Istanbul's sordid neighborhoods and a destitute border village close to the city Hamit drives back and forth. He works for Ali a charcoal dealer-cum-human trafficker carrying charcoal one way and illegal immigrants the other way. Young and meek Mehmet helps the two in their dealings and is usually torn between them during their power struggles. Hamit feels stuck in this desolate village. Being subordinate to Ali and sharing a rundown room with Mehmet is not what he had expected from life. Once he himself tried to escape but failed to achieve the 'dream life' which intensifies his frustration. His only comfort is an older woman Denise a foreign botanist who works at the local research center. They meet secretly in a cottage by the sea and make love to the crashing sound of the waves. Denise suspects Hamit but doesn't ask and Hamit doesn't tell much anyway. But the sea is unforgiving and pressure builds up as a new group of refugees arrive and are unable to leave the village. Their relationship sways just like plants do in the harsh wind of the coast. And then on a stormy night Hamit decides to change his destiny. A harsh wintery scene on the Turkish Black Sea coast. Denise a foreign botanist has ended up here for research purposes. She stoically trudges through water knee-deep to get to the remote site where she cultivates her plants. With the same resolve and fearlessness she also makes her way through the night to the secluded cabin where she meets her lover Hamit. He is a have-not who has only remained in this desolate region following a failed attempt to set up a livelihood abroad. And because of his relationship with Denise. It's a dilemma since Hamit cannot let her know that he works as a human trafficker making a living by helping others flee to Europe. But Denise is tired of his mysterious behaviour. When she is called back to her home country and one of Hamit's jobs spirals out of control he makes a decision that ends in catastrophe. Rich in ellipses and pointedly non-linear Melisa Önel's poignant debut film leaves much literally in the dark. Its striking sombre images correspond to a world of little hope or solidarity in which a state of inner displacement prevails. A harsh wintery scene on the Turkish Black Sea coast. Denise a foreign botanist has ended up here for research purposes. She stoically trudges through water knee-deep to get to the remote site where she cultivates her plants. With the same resolve and fearlessness she also makes her way through the night to the secluded cabin where she meets her lover Hamit. He is a have-not who has only remained in this desolate region following a failed attempt to set up a livelihood abroad. And because of his relationship with Denise. It's a dilemma since Hamit cannot let her know that he works as a human trafficker making a living by helping others flee to Europe. But Denise is tired of his mysterious behaviour. When she is called back to her home country and one of Hamit's jobs spirals out of control he makes a decision that ends in catastrophe. Rich in ellipses and pointedly non-linear Melisa Önel's poignant debut film leaves much literally in the dark. Its striking sombre images correspond to a world of little hope or solidarity in which a state of inner displacement prevails. Between Istanbul's sordid neighborhoods and a destitute border village Hamit drives back and forth. He works for Ali a charcoal dealer-cum-human trafficker carrying charcoal one way and illegal immigrants the other. His only comfort is an older woman Denise a foreign botanist who works at the local research center. They meet secretly in a cottage by the sea and make love to the crashing sound of the waves. Denise suspects Hamit but doesn't ask. Hamit doesn't tell much anyway. The sea is unforgiving and pressure builds up as a new group of refugees arrive and are unable to leave the village. Their relationship sways like plants do in the harsh wind of the coast. Then on a stormy night Hamit decides to change his destiny.