Maya Akutsu (Yuki Amami) began her class teacher career in 1998 April. The class (Primary 6) Maya taught was problematic. One student Ai(12) told Maya that she love Maya but Maya keep tell Ai that she love every students. Ai tried to cause things in class until in science lesson Ai put a burning match into the flask and made explosion Maya knew that Ai has mental illness she wants Maya to take total attention to herself. Ai decided to libel Maya for brutal torture and next day Ai's mother found headmaster and got Maya to stop teaching Ai's class. Then Ai made Maya to hit her and called the discipline teacher and Maya had to resign. Maya married her husband got Sean. When Sean was 5 got mental illness. Maya and her husband always struggled about Sean make Sean sad. Sean knew Maya loves butterfly and Sean had been told not to go to a lake which was deep enough to kill him. Next day news report on TV reported that Maya's husband's company has avoided heavy tax and the boss is arrested. Maya and husband keep struggling Sean was sad and found Maya's favorite white butterfly. Sean woke up and got drowned at the deep lake. Maya was blamed by husband that she gave too much stress to Sean make Sean killed. Maya decided to suicide but Ai (17) phone to Maya telling Maya that she is killing herself. Maya succeeded in saving Ai and Ai told Maya to become teacher again. Maya was employed in a primary school - principal said that the "class 6-2" had made 2 previous class teachers to resign. Maya changed her hair look (tie her long hair) and she found a problematic repeater (13 age) whose father is government staff. His mother spoiled him well. He wish to kill butterfly. A student in the class was being bullied. One day when someone lose wallet every student all libel that weak student to admit this. Maya knew that the students had problem and punished the whole class. Another day the repeater bullied someone else by throwing him with basketballs. Maya couldn't save the student. The repeater said to Maya that among 27 students only himself can have happiness. Maya found the weak student from her visit to his flat and made him to come to school to find Maya. The repeater got the weak student first force him to jump into the deep lake which Sean(Maya's son) died in. Maya got the weak student's mother calling that the weak student is still missing. Maya found him at lake and saved him. Maya caught the repeater at class and have brutal fights. The repeater ask Maya why can't he kill others Maya hold his neck and told him that because death is bitter if he or anyone else died their families will become bitter. Nobody can force people to die. Maya survived and was sent to hospital. The repeater's parents don't tolerate Maya force school send her to retraining Centre. Maya studied for 2 yrs from 2003 Nov to 2005. In 2005 Maya was ordered to teach the class 6-3 and Maya decided to dress in black in the queen look and used her past bitter history to train her 24 students here. Could she make it? What will happen to Maya? Will the students understand what Maya is trying to do? Maya Akutsu (Yuki) was a tame class teacher when she began career in 2002. She had a long-term boyfriend who wish Maya to marry him as soon as possible. A female student age 12 abnormally loved Maya. She even made Maya exchange diary with her. Due to parents' opposition Maya was compelled to stop diary-exchange and the female student started things to harm others and herself to draw Maya's attention but she failed to attract Maya. She created stories to mother that Maya came to her home and torture her in truth Maya didn't enter her house any time. Mother force principal to fire Maya and Maya decided to resign. Maya accepted her boyfriend's marriage request and married him but Maya met her father whose school avoided heavy taxes some years ago. Her father "Being female is lucky enough when u find things not alright you can just ask your boyfriend to marry you to avoid facing the things." Maya got her son Sean. 5 years later Sean knew Maya love butterfly and tried catching it for his mother but Maya ask him to take care of himself. One day Maya found Sean shook and brought him to mental doctor Sean got mental illness. Maya was forced to stop her teaching with Sean until Sean recovered. Maya quarrel with her husband about sending Sean to private middle school he oppose. Both quarrel and Sean woke up he thought that he made Maya and his own father to quarrel and feel sad. Maya told Sean to relax. Sean died when he went out to catch the same butterfly he saw before. Maya divorced. Maya got the student (the 12-yr girl who hurt herself and made Maya to resign) calling that she is committing suicide. Maya saved her and found her pregnant Maya bring her to abort the baby. She spoke to Maya that Maya was actually good teacher Maya can save bad students back to normal. Maya decide to become teacher again. This 2nd school the class 6-2 the 2 former class teachers were resigned the headmaster decided to employ Maya as their 3rd class teacher. Maya found that there was a repeater (13 age) who started all those violent things of killing classmates bullying classmates force all other classmates to do all the schoolwork for himself. He even force everyone (one day when a student lose wallet) to libel one student as thief Maya knew that he controlled all students. Maya made repeater to the sports room he took his pants off and libel Maya force him to take it off. His mother force principal to make Maya leave her son's class. Maya asked the student who was libeled as thief to go back to school. But repeater had almost made him to suicide. Maya got his mother's call and save him from lake. Maya ask him and took repeater to the sports room. Repeater had almost killed Maya. Maya taught repeater that nobody can kill anyone else because death feels bitter families will cry. Maya was sent to retraining center by the order of repeater's parents. Repeater improved himself and decided to transfer school. In Nov 2003 when Maya was still at the retraining center Repeater's mother told Maya that the elder brother of repeater died some years ago by accident. Maya forced repeater not to be his brother made repeater to stay. Repeater told Maya that he was wrong Maya was a very good teacher repeater said that he wish to graduate by Maya's teaching. Maya took repeater's pen and ask repeater to take it back if he wants it later but he didn't find Maya. The pen is still with Maya in 2006 April. Maya graduated from retraining center in 2005 2 years after the start of retraining course. Maya was employed to teach this class Class 6-3 she decided to change into her Queen look (wear all black) to control her students in the way how her former students bullied Maya. But Maya also help every of these 24 students if they ask about other classmates' cases. Could she succeed? Did the students know her heart? What would it become? Did they understand why Maya was being sent to retraining center when they found her record of it? Will Maya have to be sent there again? (Fallen Angel Episode) Maya graduated and taught Class 6-1. A girl loves Maya and wish Maya to take full attention to herself. She even made Maya to exchange diaries with her without letting the class to know but principal told the parents of Maya's class. The girl called Maya when Maya was with her husband talking about marriage. She decide to hurt herself and claim to mother that Maya beat her. Mother force Maya to resign from her daughter's class. Maya married her husband and met her own parents. She dislike her father because he avoided paying tax for his school. Father gave Maya message that Maya can only find excuses to avoid the trouble she face at school and being female only need to find a boy to marry then nothing else to care of. Maya remembered his words. Maya's kid Sean at age 5. Maya loves butterfly and Sean catches the butterfly for Maya but Maya stopped Sean because a lake was too deep for Sean. Maya taught Sean a lot of things make Sean have mental disorders with only 5 in age. Maya's husband dislike Maya giving too much hope. The day before Sean die Maya found her husband company avoiding very heavy tax. Maya slept while Sean got out and was drowned in the lake. Maya divorced and plan to suicide. The 6-1 girl call Maya and Maya save her from death. Maya taught again this time Class 6-2 within this year 2 class teachers resigned. What happen to the class? (Devil Teacher Episode)Maya found that a repeater control the entire class doing dangerous things and bullying some specific classmates. One day someone lost wallet repeater made all people pointing towards one student Wing. Maya knew that everyone bully Wing she talk to Wing at his home. She ask Wing to find her and she will settle the repeater. Wing went to school but met repeater Repeater force Wing to jump into the lake (kill Sean). Wing's mother call Maya Maya saved Wing in the same lake which kill Sean. Maya find the repeater and both fought together. Maya held Repeater's neck told him that nobody can kill people because nobody wants to die. Though everyone will die but nobody can kill people. Maya was sent to hospital with her legs broken plus her chest has scar. She was sent to the retraining center. Repeater said sorry to Maya make friends with Wing. Maya punished him by taking his pen. Maya tell repeater to get the pen find her anytime but the repeater didn't take the pen back. Now Maya was employed to the school being the class teacher of the class 6-3. To avoid being bullied by students Maya wore in Black like Devil and become the queen of the class. Maya use the methods the former students bullied her to the 6-3 class. But finally the students knew Maya's heart and love her a lot. They even made their graduation project with Maya's queen image inside with their faces.