Pramit an independent filmmaker who is yet to experience the spell of love in his otherwise not-so exciting life starts shooting a documentary film on love. His exploration leads him to the baffling knowledge of an unforetold mysterious village existent on what is believed to be the threshold of reality and fantasy. If anyone ever reaches there stumbling upon a series of coincidences cannot steer clear of the cupid's arrow and readily falls in love. Pramit along with his cameraperson starts looking for the village and subsequently passes through a succession of events which can be termed nothing but magical! Love with all its colours - sublime as well as physical - doesn't fail to come his way too or does it really? The protagonist ventures into the ultimate reality which surpasses his reel notions about a certain pre-conditioned reality for example: Love is always thought to be a Venus affair but things might be contradicting when it comes to facing something truly real. Even Akaler Sandhane is a bit similar to this film if not wholly where the context is about discovering famine in Akaler Sandhane a classic by Mrinal Sen. Pramit an independent filmmaker who is yet to experience the spell of love in his otherwise not-so exciting life starts shooting a documentary film on love. His exploration leads him to the baffling knowledge of an unforetold mysterious village existent on what is believed to be the threshold of reality and fantasy. If anyone ever reaches there stumbling upon a series of coincidences cannot steer clear of the cupid's arrow and readily falls in love. Pramit along with his cameraperson starts looking for the village and subsequently passes through a succession of events which can be termed nothing but magical! Love with all its colours - sublime as well as physical - doesn't fail to come his way too or does it really? Pramit an independent filmmaker who is yet to experience the spell of love in his otherwise not-so exciting life starts shooting a documentary film on love. His exploration leads him to the baffling knowledge of an unforetold mysterious village existent on what is believed to be the threshold of reality and fantasy. If anyone ever reaches there stumbling upon a series of coincidences cannot steer clear of the cupid's arrow and readily falls in love. Pramit along with his cameraperson starts looking for the village and subsequently passes through a succession of events which can be termed nothing but magical. Love with all its colours - sublime as well as physical - doesn't fail to come his way too or does it really?