Angela Logan is a single mother with three teenage boys a completely chaotic life and a house that's falling apart the same house where she sat in the kitchen as a child and listened to her grandmother's stories about the joys of baking. Now with the basement flooded the roof collapsing a mountain of debt and 10 days to pay her mortgage and taxes Angela risks everything and decides to bake her way out of her mess selling her amazing apple cakes to save her family and home from foreclosure. With the help of strangers around the world who order her cakes The Hilton Hotel that gives her a space to bake in and CNN MSNBC The Today Show and other media outlets that share her story Angela proves that hard work and determination do pay off and good things do happen to good people 2009. Angela Logan has always struggled financially but has always managed to pull through. Long having divorced her deadbeat ex-husband Bobby she has sole custody of their three now mid- to late-teenaged sons. She has not dated in five years in her focus on the boys and her doubt in her own self especially in this aspect of her life. She and the boys live in what was Angela's grandmother's house in Teaneck New Jersey. One problem after another which includes the house needing major repairs has led to Angela having taken out a mortgage on the house. But she is getting little work as a substitute teacher - which she admits is not her dream job - while she still has to feed the growing boys. She has even forgone certain luxuries in life such as fixing what is her broken down car and giving up her cell phone to save money. These items in combination still have both a city inspector on her case about the incomplete work on the house and the bank within ten days of foreclosing unless she can come up with $4000. Despite these financial issues Angela actively volunteers her time most specifically at a mission in a job of assisting homeless women get back on their feet by providing them with resume writing and job interview skills. She volunteers as she believes in the strength of community and that she and the boys are still more blessed than the women she helps. On top of these issues fifteen year old Nicholas her youngest is at a rebellious stage of his life much of his rebellion against her. To deal with the immediate financial problem of the $4000 Angela with the support of the boys and her closest friends decides to sell apple cakes famous within her social circle at $40 a cake meaning an average of ten cakes a day over those ten days the campaign she coins her apple mortgage cake sale. But with every step forward she is able to make in the campaign something or someone seems to take her one step back from reaching the finish line. One of those friends by her side is Melvin George a comedian with a modicum of success who she dated ten years ago and who recently reentered her life in wanting to be that significant person in her life. Angela succeeding in this ten day task and allowing Melvin into her life seem largely to be dependent upon she having faith in herself such faith she seems so easily to have in others but not in herself.