Hud Bannon is a ruthless young man who tarnishes everything and everyone he touches. Hud represents the perfect embodiment of alienated youth out for kicks with no regard for the consequences. There is bitter conflict between the callous Hud and his stern and highly principled father Homer. Hud's nephew Lon admires Hud's cheating ways though he soon becomes aware of Hud's reckless amorality to bear him anymore. In the world of the takers and the taken Hud is a winner. He's a cheat but he explains "I always say the law was meant to be interpreted in a lenient manner." Homer Bannon is an honest hard-working by-the-book Texas rancher. His son Hud is quite the opposite - amoral unscrupulous and tending to prefer chasing married women around rather than working on the ranch. The two are in constant conflict. Stuck between the two are Lonnie Hud's nephew and Alma the Bannon's live-in housekeeper. Lonnie is a naive impressionable young man who simultaneously idolises Hud and despises some of the things he does. Alma is constantly positive is happy to overlook Hud's antagonism and tries to stay out of the fights. What happened to Lonnie's father Hud's brother hangs over the family but nobody dares speak about it. The feud between Hud and his father comes to a head when a possible epidemic strikes their cattle herd. Thirty-four year old Hud Bannon comes from a Texas cattle ranching family. Unlike his aging father Homer Bannon whose entire life has always been the ranch self-absorbed and reckless Hud sees the ranch and ranching solely as a means to live his hard and fast life which includes copious amounts of alcohol and cavorting with loose women regardless of their marital status. Also living in the house of the ranch is Homer's seventeen year old grandson Lonnie Bannon whose father Norman Bannon Hud's older brother and Homer's other son died when Lonnie was two. Beyond the open differences in their wants in life there is a further underlying tension between Homer and Hud. Lonnie however admires Hud Lonnie who believes his grandfather rides Hud too much. A recent arrival into the household is the new housekeeper middle aged divorcée Alma Brown. She is well aware that both Hud and Lonnie are attracted to her each in his own way. A crisis on the ranch and the actions of the three Bannon men to the crisis have the potential to clarify the interrelationships between all four living in the Bannon house.