Multi-millionaire widower Kishan Singh prepare a will which states that his ancestral property is equally divided among his two sons Gajjan and Dulla while the son of Gajjan Shravan shall inherit the farm land. Enraged at not willing anything to his three sons Thade Dara and Chhote Dulla confronts his father which leads to an argument leading to violence and Kishan is killed in the process. Dulla is then apprehended by the police and is jailed leaving his sons to be raised by Gajjan. Years later Shravan meets with a poor young woman Paramjit alias Paro and both fall in love leading to marriage. Eventually Dulla's sentenced gets completed and he joins the family once again; shortly after he schemes with goons and have Shravan killed. With no one to claim their rights on Shravan's land this leaves the way clear for Dulla and his three sons to take control of this land but Paro will not permit this to happen and the only way she can prevent this is by giving birth to a heir so she confronts Gajjan to re-marry her younger sister Shibo but there is a short-coming involved as Shibo is in love with a young man Bhinder and wants to marry only him. Wealthy widowed Kishan Singh lives in his palatial house with his two sons Dulla and Gajjan. He has made a will distributing what's in the house equally between them but has willed his vast land to Gajjan only as he is displeased with Dulla. An enraged Dulla confronts his father an argument leads to fisticuffs and Kishan is killed. Dulla is arrested and sentenced to 16 years in jail leaving his 3 sons (Thade Dara and Chhote) dependent on Gajjan. Years later Gajjan's only son Shravan has come of age meets and falls in love with Paramjeet alias Paro who comes from a very poor family consisting of her widowed mother and a younger sister Shibo. His father approves of Paro and soon both are married. Dulla gets released from prison and also joins in the festivities. Barely had the young couple completed the religious rituals Shravan is killed leaving Paro a widow and completely devastating Gajjan. Dulla now wants one of his sons to marry Paro who will give birth to the new heir but Gajjan and Paro refuse. Dulla declares himself the owner of the land as there is no heir. Paro decides to teach Dulla a lesson by getting Gajjan re-married. But the question remains - who will marry an elderly Gajjan? Or is Paro herself readying herself to marrying her father-in-law?