This is the story of the first years of the AIDS epidemic in the United States and focuses on three key elements. Dr. Don Francis an immunologist with experience in eradicating smallpox and containing the Ebola virus joins the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) to try and understand just what this disease is. They also have deal with bureaucracy and a government that doesn't seem to care. The gay community in San Francisco is divided on the nature of the disease but also what should be done about it. Finally the film deals with the rivalry between Dr. Robert Gallo the American virologist who previously discovered the first retrovirus and his French counterpart at the Pasteur Institute Dr. Luc Montagnier that led to disputed claims about who was first to identify the AIDS virus. The early years of the AIDS crisis in the United States is presented. The multi-layered story centers on efforts at the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) in Atlanta to identify the cause and transmission of and thus fight the disease. Many of the internal battles at the CDC are between Dr. Don Francis the idealistic young lead investigator whose thoughts of seeing mass deaths in other epidemics is never far from the front of his mind and his boss Dr. Jim Curran who feels that they have to work within the meager funding supplied by the federal government and be politically correct to further the long term work more effectively. Many of their external battles are with the Republican led federal government who woefully fund their work and with other organizations such as blood suppliers who are initially unwilling to test their blood supply using an expensive hepatitis B surrogate test in the absence of a known AIDS test or disclose blood donor information for their potential AIDS transmission probability (i.e. gay men). A second facet of the story centers on the gay community in San Francisco and the balancing act gay advocates and public health officials in the city have to do to protect the gay population from what is largely seen initially as a gay disease yet not further stigmatize and suppress an already largely stigmatized and suppressed gay population in the US. A third facet of the story centers on the work by academics to identify what many believe is a retrovirus cause of the disease. Two of the teams working largely in isolation are led by Dr. Luc Montagnier at the Pasteur Institute in Paris France and Dr. Robert Gallo at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda Maryland. Dr. Gallo's motivation as being seen as *the* one and only scientist making significant contributions to the field and only when working on AIDS research is seen as being fashionable as opposed to the motivation of public health has the potential to stall the effective treatment of the disease for those infected. Through these three facets personal stories of individual AIDS victims are presented at that early stage where there is a 100% mortality rate. In 1981 epidemiologist Don Francis learns of an increased rate of death among gay men in urban areas. The startling information leads him to begin investigating the outbreak which is ultimately identified as AIDS. His journey finds mostly opposition from politicians and doctors but several join him in his cause. As it becomes apparent that people have personal reasons to turn the other cheek Francis persists. Meanwhile the number of deaths continues to grow.