Aulad Ke Dushman is a story of parents who blindly bow down to the demands of their stubborn children thereby adding poison to their future. R. K. Chaudhary is the father believes in fulfilling every whim of his son Vicky to express his love towards him. When Vicky commits a murder Chaudhary blankets his crime by pouring money. When Vicky insults the vice principal of his college Chaudhary forces the Vice Principal resign instead of questioning Vicky. Chaudhary's elder brother Papaji does not approve of Vicky's misbehavior and leaves the house. Shalu the daughter of Chaudhary's friend Kumar is engaged to Vicky in the very childhood. She loves Vicky but Vicky loves Chanda. Vicky refuses to marry Shalu and marries Chanda. Dindayal takes advantage of the situation and grabs the entire estate of Chaudhary and Chanda drives Vicky out. R K Chaudhary and Vicky become paupers. Kumar creates hurdles in Vicky's path makes his efforts futile. Vicky drops in the party thrown by Kumar at his place for the engagement ceremony of Shalu and Sailesh and demands his estate at the gun-point. However Papaji appears on the scene and decalres that this was pre-planned by him and Dindayal for reforming his nephew. In the meantime Sailesh and his father kidnap Chanda. Chanda is freed in the end and she gives the hand of Shalu in the hand of Vicky and leaves for London with her father Dindayal. Rajan K. Choudhry is a wealthy industrialist. He lives in a palatial house with his older brother and only son Vikram. Vikram is a womanizer alcoholic and late party-goer who has been handed everything on a silver plater by his dad. His uncle does not appreciate this and wants Rajan to assert his responsiblity as a parent and discipline Vikram in vain though. Rajan would like Vikram to marry his friend's Jai Kumar's daughter Shalu but Vikram only treats Shalu as a friend as he would like to have sex with one girl; have a second girl undress for him in public; and marry a fourth woman named Chanda Bhargava just to spite his dad without knowing that his decisions are going to lead both father and son to a destitute fate that will change their lives forever.