After being kicked off a jury for arriving five minutes late a troubled woman becomes obsessed with the verdict which sent a woman her age to prison for life. As she fights to have the case reopened her bond with the prisoner forces her to confront questions of guilt justice and responsibility. A true story Living in Canada Sally Linden and her current husband Leonard Bast are both published authors Leonard who has just published his latest book while Sally has not had anything published in ten years. Some repressed memories are reawakened in Sally upon the discovery of a yellow notebook in their basement. In that notebook Sally wrote her daily thoughts about being a juror in the murder trial of Theresa Nichol in Honolulu in 1993. Theresa and her husband Vincent Nichol admitted that they routinely robbed tourists to survive but in the shooting death of one of their tourist targets Bobby Gordon it ended up being a "he said/she said" case as Vincent was the only eyewitness upon which the prosecution based their case. On the last day of the trial Sally was dismissed from the jury on a technicality. Theresa was eventually convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison. Sally was leaning toward a not guilty verdict as beyond believing that Vincent was the one who pulled the trigger Sally could relate to everything about Theresa in her relationship with Vincent as Sally was feeling the exact same way with her then abusive shyster husband Danny. In discovering the notebook Sally realizes that Bobby Gordon's murder is the source of her frequent nightmares anxiety and insomnia. In investigating Sally discovers that both Theresa and Vincent are still in prison. As such Sally decides to visit Theresa in prison after which she is not only determined to write a book on Theresa's story but somehow ensure that true justice is rendered for Theresa who she believes should not have been convicted based on the evidence provided in the trial. Sally's following actions are affected by some information that comes to light about the case and in she dealing with her mother's illness her parents with who she always had a difficult relationship.