Arthur Hawke works as a coal truck driver in Kentucky he in the process trying to protect his widowed mother Sarah Hawke's property rights against his wealthy and cutthroat paternal uncles' mineral rights. Sarah however may be more astute in the matters of business than her son. In his spare time Arthur is writing a novel under the pen name Youngblood Hawke it his first which he is able to sell to a New York publishing house. As such Arthur moves to New York City while he works on the necessary rewrites and contemplates his next novel which he knows can and will pour out of him. Even before that first novel Alms of Oblivion is published Arthur is the toast of certain literary circles in New York. Naive to the ways of the business he gets caught up in this new life in having to deal with the publishers agents managers lawyers critics theater people who want him to translate the work into a play and movie types who want to purchase the movie rights. He has to decide whose advice to follow in these matters he potentially being overextended in he wanting to do and have it all. He does not realize until he is ensconced within this life that there was a latent passion associated with his work the women around him who can smell it ooze off of him. The feminine advances for who he ultimately falls is that of Frieda Winter a wealthy married socialite and a frequent patron of the arts. In his affair with Frieda which needs to be hidden at every turn Arthur may not yet realize that what he feels for his story editor Jeanne Green who initially discovered his unsolicited manuscript is more than just professional gratitude. Through it all Arthur may eventually come to the understanding that his standing in this world is solely judged on the success or failure of his latest work. Youngblood Hawke is a truck driver from Kentucky who comes to New York City to become a hot-shot writer. Almost immediately he meets editor Jeanne Green. She sees great promise in Hawke's writing and falls for the handsome Kentuckian while helping him put together his first book deal. His first novel is moderately successful but it is soon transformed into a Broadway play by a has-been stage actress. Jeanne discovers that Youngblood has an effect on a great many women so she takes a job at a new publishing company. Soon after Hawke's second novel is heralded and he becomes the toast of the town. He then has an affair with a married socialite. His third novel bombs and is also panned by critics...Hawke's financial state declines into hard times. Returning to Kentucky to work on his next book he contracts pneumonia before realizing that his first editor Jeanne was his ideal woman.