The marriage of Marguerite Lenox to a wealthy Russian and her subsequent widowhood occasions a trip to Russia by her father Arthur Bainbridge Lenox. He is a handsome man in the early forties. The noble Weletsky family into whom his daughter has married have never seen either Lenox or his wife but desire Lenox's co-operation in the settlement of his daughter's estates. The summons comes while they are in Paris. A passport for two man and wife is secured But Mrs. Lenox is of delicate health and decides to let her husband take the journey alone. The Nihilist "Helen Marie" is also preparing a trip to Russia. Of unknown identity her activities are yet notorious and the police of Russia are warned. Knowledge of the passport is brought to her by a young Nihilist girl employed in Mrs. Lenox's services. Helene Marie has a just cause against the Russian aristocracy. When hardly more than a child she saw her family butchered in cold blood. She carries through a ruse whereby Lenox permits her to cross the Russian frontier as his wife. Her charm begins to work upon his susceptible nature. The pair are continually brought into contact with personages and officials dangerous to Helene Marie. Finally at the hotel in St. Petersburg she reveals her identity to Lenox and dares him to betray her secret. She charms the rich aristocratic Weletskys and Sacha Weletsky falls in love with her. The strain on Lenox induces him to resort to a drug for sleep. He forestalls his daughter's contemplated journey to Petersburg (from the Russian provinces) and attempts to take "his official wife" back to western Europe. Her work in Russia has been completed. She would gladly go but the Weletskys beg her to remain and attend a ball. She learns the Czar is to be in attendance. It is her one chance to become the Joan of Arc of the Nihilists. She refuses to go back with Lenox. Lenox therefore purposely misses the train. He returns to the hotel finds his "official wife" being wooed by Sacha. But he accompanies her to the ball. During the evening his hand touches the pistol in the folds of her gown. He realizes her object is the Czar's assassination. He averts this tragedy by a sleeping potion which he gives to Helen Marie in a glass of punch. She collapses and he carries her home. Meanwhile the secret service has sent a telegram to the real Mrs. Lenox in Paris which brings her to Russia. Lenox's secret is however protected by the police because of his saving the life of the Czar Helene Marie induces Sacha to elope with her in his yacht which is fired upon from the forts and Helene reveals her identity. The young man renounces rank for love of her but his yacht is sunk by the Imperial guns.