This is a story of a divorced woman who is living with her daughter in a small apartment. She is living her life on her own. She is working in an office to earn for herself and her daughter. One young man who lives in the same building was in love with her and wants to marry her. But she doesn't like him. He daily creates troubles for her and later comes to help her with that. She discussed this with her office colleague she advised her to complain in society welfare community. She told her the secretary of that community is also interested in her. The same day her boss in office also showed interest in her. She was very depressed with this situation and was thinking for a solution. Same night the young man in her neighbor came to her house and holds her hand and asks her to marry her. She was not expecting this from him. This all made her depressed. Next day she saw her ex husband begging on roads. She called his second wife and inquires about him. She told him that she has found someone more rich and handsome then him that's she has taken all his property and kicked him out. She decided to bring him back home. She introduced him as her brother. He was a drug addict too. After seeing his daughter he decided to live again for his daughter and went under treatment to leave drugs. When people saw him around her as brother they all limit themselves in her matters. She was happy with this. Her office colleague advised her that it looks odd that you are living with a man without any relationship. You should marry someone but she refused as she was happy alone. The young man in her neighbors called his sister from abroad to take proposal for her. His sister was her college friend and she knows all stories about her and her ex-husband. She told her brother everything about her and her so called brother. He tells this truth to all union members of that housing society and they called her for meeting. In that meeting they asked her to leave the house as her acts are not accepted able for their society. She asked them to arranged house for her where she is acceptable easily without any man. She embraced them and so did her husband. They all became quiet and have nothing to say in answer to her questions.