'Mir Ahmad Ali' (Razzak) is a Zamindar also businessman. His mother's (Sharmily Ahmed) 100th birthday ceremonies enjoys his daughter 'Chhoa' (Purnima) and all participator. Some later there home coming speedy mode a young gentlemen 'Akash' (Riaz) Mir Ahmad seen that and ordered to security for attack him but Akash take a knife so shocked they and get back. Akask was come stately Mir Ahmad's Mithra with birthday cake and after cutting this her hand so wishing happy birthday to you. Later of some Akash called Mir Ahmad's as maternal uncle (I am just fun) Mir Ahmad's understand is his small sister 'Minu's (Diti) son Akash. Minu loves an Christan also marry him but her family don't accept this marry matter. Lastly gate out him with disable all the relationship. Akash meet his grand mother and he too much happy as gets him. Chhoa want to meet Akask but she first time jocks and avoid him. They at a time more jocks again jocks but a time in there made love heart and souls. One day Mir Ahmad find there mutual situation and she take action as punishment same his mother Minu. So come back an greenfield A thief team leader 'Altu' (Afzal Sharif) she agree for help meet to Chhoa. Altu's team too funny mode arrange a meet position and there too happy this funny matter. Akash and Chhoa meet to look of some more. One day Mir Ahmad find of Akash his mother room and she too shocked for true of his mother. So she arranged as soon as possible Chhoa's marry with his friend 'Chowdhry's (Prabir Mitra) son. Akash and Altu team made a game plan for take out from the marriage party. Find this plan such Mia Ahmad's People and too much bitten upon to Akash and though the body old home forest. Opposite side- Altu's team putout Chhoa from marriage party but not would find Akash also there mean such as she get back to America. Altu come back to Chhoa's home meet for her father Altu listen too hide Akash not going to America but bit of his trough the body. Altu come soonest and going to place with Chhoa they take Akash body and go to railway station for going a far zone that lookout of Mir Ahmad. Lastly too fight with Mir Ahmad's people according on game plan won Akash. Opposite side Mir Ahzad Ali coming for killing Akash but Akash's mother Minu in the mean time stay the railway station and Mir Ahmad looking to Minu's face she forgetful his previous character. Mir Ahmad get normal and accept Akash-Chhoa's marry also come back enjoy time start.