Every household that has joined the cooperative farm is entitled to a plot of land for private use. The Sedmaks family live together but the elder son Krum want the family to separate on paper as to be given more land. The younger son Nayden has passed the university entrance exams but his admission is not assumed because the village Party secretary has given him a bad character reference. He returns to the village in search of justices. The president of cooperative farm has faith in the young man and tries to help him. Krum and his family set up a separate household though the family all continue to have supper together. Nayden is not aware of what is going on. Yanka the daughter of the president of cooperative farm is in love with Nayden. The two meet every evening. One evening the Sedmaks family leaves their door unlocked. The farm president comes and finds them together. The fraud comes out into the open. The farm president forbids his daughter to meet Nayden. Yanka no longer trusts the boy either. After he fatal supper The Sedmaks clan have a quarrel which ends with a real separation. Nayden leaves his father's home. The head of the family old Sedmak and Krum admit their guilt. On second thoughts Yanka goes back to Nayden. Nayden receives a god reference marries Yanka and he young couple leave for he town to study. Every household that has joined the cooperative farm is entitled to a plot of land for private use. The Sedmaks family live together but the elder son Krum want the family to separate on paper as to be given more land. The younger son Nayden has passed the university entrance exams but his admission is not assumed because the village Party secretary has given him a bad character reference. He returns to the village in search of justices. The president of cooperative farm has faith in the young man and tries to help him. Krum and his family set up a separate household though the family all continue to have supper together. Nayden is not aware of what is going on. Yanka the daughter of the president of cooperative farm is in love with Nayden. The two meet every evening. One evening the Sedmaks family leaves their door unlocked. The farm president comes and finds them together. The fraud comes out into the open. The farm president forbids his daughter to meet Nayden. Yanka no longer trusts the boy either. After he fatal supper The Sedmaks clan have a quarrel which ends with a real separation. Nayden leaves his father's home. The head of the family old Sedmak and Krum admit their guilt. On second thoughts Yanka goes back to Nayden. Nayden receives a god reference marries Yanka and he young couple leave for the town to study.