Inspired by Leonard Cohen's song Hallelujah. This is not a love story but it is a story about love. Three families bound by love broken by betrayal struggle with the ebb and flow of everyday life with each reaching breaking point until a single event brings them closer together and the tide turns. Desperateness and frustration turn to hope and compassion. As Cohen sings there's a crack in everything that's how the light gets in. Three interconnected stories in the suburban over-spill where life and love is put to the test and people struggle with the disconnect between their dreams and the reality of their lives. Woven throughout the film are the trials and tribulations of three families; their intersecting lives observed by kitchen installer and 'wanna-be' writer Chris Truman. Kirsty's idyllic lifestyle with successful businessman Gary and daughter Ashley crumbles when she discovers how her husband has kept their business afloat. Lex a young real estate agent has his heart set on the award for best salesman of the year. His win is sure to please his partner Grace and impress coquettish receptionist Sandy. He has just one last sale to clinch to beat four time winner Terry Fuller. Francis is convinced he can persuade his wife Miranda to give their marriage another chance. Things began to go wrong when she started her new show 'Budget Blow Out' with stylish billionaire Dorian Lamond. He leaves work early and pays her a surprise visit at the TV studio. As the story unfolds their actions trigger a roller coaster ride of joy and destruction in the lives of everyone around them until by chance and coincidence a single event brings them all together. On a summer afternoon the unexpected happens and in one profound moment they each realise how fragile and precious life can be. Broken Hallelujah presents a slice of life a journey of rediscovery in marriage friendship and love. A story for anyone who wants to believe or needs to hope that there really is a light at the end of the tunnel. Three loves three lies one more chance.