In one of those cosmopolitan boarding houses that exist only in New York lived among others two staunch friends of different nationalities Paul Cardoza an Italian and Emil Vorstman an Austrian. Both were struggling upward to success and both had forgotten old animosities in their allegiance to a country that offered them freely great opportunities. Nina Antinni the prettiest girl in the establishment was the object of their devotion and Nina although an Italian by birth hesitated to make a choice between the blond-haired Austrian and her dark-complexioned fellow countryman. And so the romance resolved itself into a trinity of friendship. The war broke out and all was changed. One by one the cosmopolitans were called back to their respective countries. Emil Vorstman answered the call first and then Italy throwing her challenge to Austria claimed Paul Cardoza. Before sailing Emil had placed his fate in the hands of Nina but blood being after all stronger than water Paul was the victor. Even this did not destroy the friendship of the three. Nina who was a trained nurse joined the Italian Red Cross hut the fortunes of war kept the three comrades apart. The little Italian town where the Red Cross hospital was situated was in a northern village of Italy and one day to Nina watching over her side and wounded the word came through Paul Cardoza that the village must be evacuated and the wounded men moved. This was the first meeting between the affianced lovers. Paul and his troops left the town but in the contusion of the retreat Nina was left behind. And then the Austrians pounded into the village. As Nina watched and strived to aid the persecuted peasants she recognized in the Austrian captain in command Emil Vorstman Vorstman inured to the brutalities of the campaign sees his first love at his mercy and for a brief moment is about to throw honor to the winds in his secure triumph. His better nature and the memory of the old loyal friendship prevail and when the returning and now triumphant Italian army returns he is able to look his old comrade Paul in the face. Paul not to be outdone in generosity aids Emil to escape even at the risk of his own life.