Lin Tianjiao ('Shutong Guo' (qv)) is the top girl in her school. During one of her tests she resorted to copying from notes and is spotted by Gao Xiang ('Jingting Bai' (qv)) who is considered a wayward student. When the note was discovered by the teacher Gao Xiang chooses to claim responsibility for trying to cheat. Lin Tianjiao feels apologetic towards Gao Xiang and begins their friendship. Meanwhile Lin Tianjiao's good friend Lu Tiantian ('Herun Wang' (qv)) is courting Ou Xiaoyang ('Guansen Ding' (qv)). However due to his poor academic standing Lin Tianjiao ignores him completely. Classmate Huang Tao ('Hongyi Li (II)' (qv)) is secretly in love with Lin Tianjiao but is too shy to express it. As a result he and his best buddy Li Tao ('Wenlong Zhao' (qv)) are at loggerheads with Gao Xiang. The relationship between Lin Tianjiao and Gao Xiang develops as she begins to understand Gao Xiang better. Knowing that she likes astronomy Gao Xiang buys tickets for an Astronomy Exhibition and dates Lin Tianjiao. Lin Tianjiao's mother insists that Lin Tianjiao focuses on her school work and does not allow her any time off any allowance for friendship. As a result Gao Xiang never gets to go on the date with Lin Tianjiao. Meanwhile as an act of love for Lin Tianjiao Gao Xiang steals into the Astronomy Exhibition at night to take photographs of the place. He is arrested and forced to quit school. Before he leaves he and his band of friends from the local auto-shop steal into the school to paint astronomical images on to the walls and ceiling of the classroom that Gao Xiang and Lin Tianjiao studied in. At the award of the best student award to Lin Tianjiao Huang Tao tells her that Gao Xiang is leaving town. Lin Tianjiao uses the opportunity of the award speech to tell of her selfishness as she sought the award. From ignoring the feelings of Lu Tiantian (and her relationship with Ou Xiaoyang) and her brother Lin Ziao; as well as her good friend Gao Xiang. She then declines the award and leaves the auditorium to rush to the train station to bid farewell to Gao Xiang. Unfortunately she misses Gao Xiang. She (plus her brother Lu Tiantian and Ou Xiaoyang) run into Gao Xiang's friends from the auto-ship and hitch a ride to the local radio station where Lin Tianjiao uses the programming to say farewell to Gao Xiang (singing 'The Beatles' (qv) ' song "Hey Jude"). After a few years Lin Tianjiao is a famous astronomer. She gave up on her mother's plan for her to study finance in Tsinghua University but decided to follow her own dreams of doing astronomy. She plans a trip to Africa hoping to meet Gao Xiang in Africa. Meanwhile the rest of the group meet at Huang Tao's wedding with Li Tao as his best man. Lu Tiantian and Ou Xiaoyang are still courting and Ou Xiaoyang is intending to propose to her.