Three time periods - young adolescence mid-teen and young adult - in the life of black-American Chiron is presented. When a child Chiron lives with his single crack addict mother Paula in a crime ridden neighborhood in Miami. Chiron is a shy withdrawn child largely due to his small size and being neglected by his mother who is more concerned about getting her fixes and satisfying her carnal needs than taking care of him. Because of these issues Chiron is bullied the slurs hurled at him which he doesn't understand beyond knowing that they are meant to be hurtful. Besides his same aged Cuban-American friend Kevin Chiron is given what little guidance he has in life from a neighborhood drug dealer named Juan who can see that he is neglected and Juan's caring girlfriend Teresa whose home acts as a sanctuary away from the bullies and away from Paula's abuse. With this childhood as a foundation Chiron may have a predetermined path in life one that will only be magnified in terms of its problems when he reaches his difficult teen years when peer pressure affects what he and many of his peers do unless he follows Juan's advice of truly making his own decisions for himself. A young African-American gay man deals with his dysfunctional home life and comes of age in Miami during the "War on Drugs" era. The story of his struggle to find himself is told across three defining chapters in his life as he experiences the ecstasy pain and beauty of falling in love while grappling with his own sexuality. In 1980's Miami African American 9-year-old Chiron or as people call him Little is a sensitive and timid boy who as an outsider and an easy target has been running away from bullies all his life labelled as "soft" for the way he walks. When that day the intimidated and chased by his classmates scared Chiron will try to escape in a derelict boarded up crack den Juan a sympathetic yet expendable and always cautious local drug dealer will bring him home not to take him under his wing but to protect and nourish him. However in a world where anything could change instantly by the sight of a knife or a gun little Chiron rejected by his crack addict mother he is doomed to live a predestined life caught in a tragic and vicious cycle where Juan the only man who really cared about him and a paternal figure is a dealer and Paula his junkie and neglectful mother is Juan's best customer. As Chiron grows into an introverted 16-year-old teenager who struggles with his own sexuality and identity not much has changed. Even though Kevin a childhood friend still supports him Chiron is as isolated as ever while at the same time his bullies' persistence inevitably forces him to gradually develop a tough facade. Ultimately Chiron now a young adult in his mid-twenties is still a vulnerable person however after following Juan's example he shields himself efficiently against the world shrouded with an armour of masculinity. Nevertheless Chiron's desperate journey to evolution and self-discovery isn't quite complete yet..