Astitva is a bold film with adultery. An ambitious male chauvinist and his loving wife are happily married but the guy is not able to give time to the family as he want to make it big in life. His work is of paramount importance to him. His work keeps him away from his home for days and this makes the wife very lonely. In one such instance she succumbs to loneliness and has a physical relationship with her music teacher and becomes pregnant. She tries confessing to her husband but he is so excited about her pregnancy that he does not listen to her story. Twenty Five years later circumstances force the suspicious husband's mind to work overtime and confronts his wife with facts and figures that when she was pregnant he had not had any physical relationship with her for more than 9 months before the child's birth. Then whose child is it? The wife accepts it and ask for forgiveness but the husband does not and they are forced to take divorce. Even after it is proved that the husband too was cheating his wife he is unrelenting. Shreekant Pandit has been married for 27 years and is still in love with his attractive wife Aditi who has sired him a son Aniket who is now 25 years of age and is in love with a charming young woman named Revati who he hopes to marry soon. Then one day out of the blue Aditi finds herself the sole heir to a large estate and sum of money which belonged to a male named Malhar Kamat. Shrikant Pandit lives a struggling life-style in a rented apartment with his wife Aditi. Due to his busy working schedule Shrikant is unable to provide enough love and affections to Aditi forcing her to have an affair with her music tutor Malhar Kamat; eventually both gets intimate which results in Aditi getting pregnant - who later on give birth to a baby boy Aniket. Years later Shrikant manages to work his way to a fortune and the family now reside in a bungalow in Pune. Then one day Aditi's reality stands expose when she receive a letter stating that she is the beneficiary to all Malhar's assets who is no longer alive - this scenario changes the lives of her family members forever. The humdrum life of a housewife is upended when she inherits a significant amount from her long ago music teacher which causes her husband to wonder why the teacher would leave the assets to her. Could it be that the teacher and his wife had an affair? Shreekant Pandit has been married for 27 years and is still in love with his attractive wife Aditi who has sired him a son Aniket who is now 25 years of age and is in love with a charming young woman named Revati who he hopes to marry soon. Then one day out of the blue Aditi finds herself the sole heir to a large estate and sum of money which belonged to a male named Malhar Kamat. Shreekanth is puzzled by these turn of events and closely questions Aditi. What he finds out will shake and devastate the very roots of his existence and turn his entire family's and friends' lives upside down.