Adult film director Jack Horner is always on the lookout for new talent and it's only by chance that he meets Eddie Adams who is working as a busboy in a restaurant. Eddie is young good looking and plenty of libido to spare. Using the screen name Dirk Diggler he quickly rises to the top of his industry winning awards year after year. Drugs and ego however come between Dirk and those around him and he soon finds that fame is fleeting. San Fernando Valley 1977. Jack Horner is a renowned director of porn all his movies financed by "Colonel" James. He has his regular stable of cast and crew most who have issues in their lives. They include: actress Amber Waves who acts as the mother figure to the group in the absence of being a real mother to her biological son about who she has told no one in her porn circle; actor Reed Rothchild who wants to live up to his on-screen alpha male status; actor Buck Swope who works as a stereo salesman on the side and whose country & western style seems to be problematic in getting ahead; actress Rollergirl a high school drop-out who never takes off her skates; and assistant director "Little" Bill whose marriage is threatened by his wife being both a nymphomaniac and an exhibitionist. Their collective lives are punctuated by excess in everything whether it be sex cocaine use or the need to amass flashy material possessions. Into their lives comes Eddie Adams a seventeen year old high school dropout from a dysfunctional family in Torrance. Eddie who renames himself Dirk Diggler is Jack's latest discovery and whose success in the industry is largely predicated on being well-endowed. Because of the validation he receives for the first time in his life Dirk is easy prey to be sucked into the excesses of the group. Although largely an innocent beyond the few dollars previously earned here and there by showing his penis to anyone who would pay Dirk also changes as a person as he displays more and more bravado in relation to the amount of validation he receives. The next few years lead to changes in the group not only because of changes in technology namely the advent of video but as the excesses in their lives start to take their toll and as their association with the business may affect what their post-porn life will look like. Eddie Adams would have been just another high-school drop-out had he not met the likes of adult film director Jack Horner. Horner transforms Eddie into Dirk Diggler a rising-star actor with a special gift. Set in the late 1970s and early 1980s the film is a tribute to the decor style culture and social attitudes of the era. Eddie Adams a young man working in a nightclub is discovered by porn director Jack Horner who soon puts Eddie renamed Dirk Diggler and his "talent" on the top of the pornography industry. But when the 1980s arrive Dirk and his colleagues in the porn industry have to cope with a new era as well as the baggage they bring with them from the 1970s. Eddie is an aspiring actor who gets discovered by Jack Horner a porn director who considers his job an art form. Eddie then changes his name to Dirk Diggler and gets sucked in the lifestyle and relationships of the pornography industry of the late-1970s.