Hye-In was blind when she was born Jun-Young's mother work in night clubs and make Jun-Young being laughed by friends. Once Jun-Young and Hye-In walked together Hye-In gave Jun-Young a sliver card badge with her name "Hye-In". Hye-In's aunt Audrey took Jun-Young's mother(all cash) and bring Hye-In and left Jun-Young. Jun-Young (Sang-Woo Kwone) grew up with mother died father re-married. the remarried mother took all Jun-Young's money away and Jun-Young has to work in construction sites to earn money for his college studies. He met Lee Gun-Woo (Yeon Jeong-Hoon originally Song Seung-Heun) and Gun-Woo also met Hye-In in the street in USA just outside Harvord University. Gun-Woo buy Hye-In new dress and gave Hye-In money so Hye-In could see again. Hye-In open her eyes saw Gun-Woo she didn't know that Jun-Young is still alive and began to love Gun-Woo. Gun-Woo told Jun-Young to meet his new girl. Jun-Young saw Hye-In lost control. Hwa-Jung the cheerleader of Jun-Young's class only loves Jun-Young. But Jun-Young doesn't love Hwa-Jung. Hwa-Jung even return Hye-In's USA letters to Hye-In make Hye-In commit suicide. Audrey met Willie the USA sailor but he was mad and crazy drunk easily and even horny. He even rape Hye-In. Jun-Young saved Hye-In from some bad guys when Hye-In was captured on a street (waiting Jun-Young) with her teddy bear. Jun-Young finally played the "sad Sonata" to make Hye-In to recognize himself. Gun-Woo was angry that Jun-Young and Hye-In are known before and even love together. Jun-Young ask Gun-Woo to hit himself but Gun-Woo force both Hye-In and Jun-Young to leave away from himself as far as they could go. Gun-Woo inherit father's business and offended a Korean company boss. the boss sent a killer to plan to kill Gun-Woo but finally Joon-Young took that bullet up. Gun-Woo ask friend to send Joon-Young to hospital. Doctor said Joon-Young had his kidneys destroyed and must have immediate operation to save life. But Joon-Young refused and died in HyeIn's concert. 14 years later HyeIn found her son able to play guitar like his father Joon-Young. Love of a poor boy and a blind girl. Blind girl's aunt love a USA sailor and fly to USA to give blind girl her operation to make her see again. Blind Girl know a rich boy and love him. Blind girl finally find her lover (poor boy) by his guitar ability and the song he gave her. Rich boy got angry and force both to leave from himself. Rich boy inherit father's business offend someone going to be shot by that rival. Poor boy and rich boy become friends. Poor boy saved rich son take the bullet destroyed his own kidney. Poor boy refuse operation ask rich boy to send him to blind girl's concert and even die there. 14 year later blind girl's son (from poor boy) can also play guitar like his own daddy