Jim Bludso is engineer of the Mississippi River packet the "Prairie Belle." He has a home in Gilgal Ill. and a wife and twelve-month-old baby at the time the story opens in 1861. A call is received for volunteers and he joins the Northern army. His wife is a Southern girl and she opposes his joining the Union forces. The quarrel results in a separation and Jim goes to war. Ben Merrill an unscrupulous contractor meets Jim's wife in Natchez her home town and induces her to go with him to New Orleans. She deserts her baby and goes. In New Orleans a levee contractor comes to Merrill with the proposition that they take the contract for a new levee to be built at Gilgal. Merrill accepts and leaves New Orleans without telling the woman where he is going and she is left to take care of herself. After the war Jim returns to Natchez and finds that his wife has deserted their little boy and no one knows where she is. He takes the boy Little Breeches and Banty Tim a negro who has saved his life during the war and returns to Gilgal. He is welcomed by Kate Taggart the daughter of the village storekeeper. Jim's wife yearns for her baby and returns. Jim forgives her for the child's sake. The high waters are coming on and Merrill is afraid that the levee will not hold. He plans to lay the blame on Jim and the negro. He arouses the suspicion of the townspeople against the negro and Jim is forced to fight for Banty Tim on several occasions. Merrill meets Jim's wife and induces her to loosen the sandbags and leave the water into the village. She escapes in a boat the bottom of which has been cut by Merrill. In the middle of the stream the boat begins to sink and Banty Tim goes to her rescue. The negro is accused of breaking the levee and then escaping. Jim offers his life as a forfeit if the negro does not return by sunrise. The next day the village people are at Indian Mound and the men are about to hang Jim because Banty Tim has not come back. Just then he comes on with Little Breeches who tells of his rescue by the negro. A year later Jim is again engineer of the "Prairie Belle." In a race with another boat the engines become overheated. Merrill is aboard and Jim has him locked in the oil room. When the boat takes fire Jim goes and opens the door of the oil room and finds his son there with Merrill. While they are trying to escape the boilers explode. Jim is rescued from the debris by Banty Tim. Some time later Jim's wife having died he and Little Breeches and Kate and Banty Tim are united in a happy family.