The Taliban are ruling Afghanistan they being a repressive regime especially for women who among other things are not allowed to work. This situation is especially difficult for one family consisting solely of three women representing three successive generations. All the males in their family have died in various Afghani wars. The mother had been working as a nurse in a hospital but regardless of she not being allowed to work the Taliban has cut off funding to the hospital. The mother and grandmother make what they feel is the only decision they can to survive: they will have the preteen daughter masquerade as a boy so that she can get a job to support the family. The daughter feeling powerless agrees despite being scared as if the Taliban discover her masquerade she is certain they will kill her. Partly as a symbolic measure the daughter plants a lock of her now cut hair in a pot so that her lost femininity can flourish. The only people outside the family who know of the ruse are the milk vendor who employs the daughter - he who was a friend of her deceased father - and a local boy named Espandi who recognizes her despite her outward change in appearance. Espandi renames her Osama. The masquerade becomes more difficult when the Taliban recruit all the local boys to school which includes military training. Because of the wars a huge number of women in Afghanistan have lost their husbands fathers and sons and have no breadwinners anymore for their families. As the Talibans have imposed very strict regulations for women's clothing and limited their possibilities to move around outdoors it is almost impossible for women to get paid jobs. On the brink of starvation one widow decides to change her daughter into a boy by cutting her hair and changing her cloths. A friend of her deceased husband employs the disguised girl in his little snack bar. Some days later the Talibans start recruiting young boys by force to their Koran schools. Also the disguised girl is taken away. Soon the other pupils suspect that she is a girl. A street boy who knows her true identity tries to protect her by assuring that she is a boy with the name Osama but in vain. The Taliban teachers put her on a torturing test. When blood is dripping down her legs they know for sure that she is a girl. They take her to a judge who sentences her to marry old Molla Sahib. He locks her up in his big house in the countryside together with the wives he already has. A 12-year-old Afghan girl and her mother lose their jobs when the Taliban closes the hospital where they work. The Taliban have also forbidden women to leave their houses without a male "legal companion." With her husband and brother dead killed in battle there is no one left to support the family. Without being able to leave the house the mother is left with nowhere to turn. Feeling that she has no other choice she disguises her daughter as a boy. Now called 'Osama' the girl embarks on a terrifying and confusing journey as she tries to keep the Taliban from finding out her true identity. Inspired by a true story Osama is the first entirely Afghan film shot since the fall of the Taliban. In Afghanistan during the Taliban regime women are forbidden to work and to walk on the streets without the company of a male. The teenager girl Osama cuts her hair and dresses like a boy to get a job and support her widow mother and grandmother. There is no men in her family since her father and her brother were killed in previous Afghan wars and the family has no means of survival. When Osama disguised as a boy is called by the Taliban to join the school and military training the boy Espandi tries to help her.