Widower and father RICHARD LEE may be gone but he's not yet departed. Instead through no will of his own he remains earthbound as the unseen observer of the family events that follow his own death just before Christmas. Richard's children have all moved away from their father and the small town in which they grew up. He silently observes as they return home to attend his funeral and to settle his estate. He is able to hear their thoughts as well as witness their actions; he views the memories of childhood events through their eyes even as he vividly recalls his own version of the same events. In this surreal existence of death he learns of the disappointments his children feel regarding the paths they have chosen in life. There is JONATHAN the starving artist who stifles his own abilities with a self-imposed sense of failure. DAVID the eldest son and family success story who is consumed with cynicism and negativity. And RUTH the daughter who is overwhelmed by the lack of fulfillment she has found in the "big city" and who regrets the decisions she has made regarding career and relationships. Through it all Richard Lee remains powerless to do anything to help as he witnesses his children's secrets pain internal struggles and their relationships with others. Until his death he never knew that each of his children was struggling with the weight of bitter disappointments missed opportunities and regrets. Further he was never truly aware of what they thought of their father and of their childhood in that rural town. And perhaps it took his passing -- and their subsequent return to their roots -- for the children to learn this for themselves. The love they discover their father had for them for so long sheds light onto what is truly important in their lives. While Richard is learning about his children they are in turn learning more than they ever thought they would know about their old predictable dad. Despite their preconceived notions of what they believed he thought of them as secrets and surprises are revealed they discover that their father's love was deep and permeated his entire existence. Its redeeming quality brings them the best Christmas gift of all.