Sella a 15 year-old living in the famous Hip hop Mecca the boogie down Bronx discovers he has a talent for cooking that far exceeds the droves of fans in his neighborhood. Soon he finds himself enthralled in a vicious competition and under the tutelage of a mysterious teacher with a heavy accent volatile personality and a culture far different than anything Sella's ever known. Through their differences shared hardships and mutual love for food a bond is formed by this unlikely pair and a young city slick unaware of his intense talent and a retired world renown chef far removed from his hay day find themselves in the same kitchen at the same time and unclear weather it's coincidence or destiny. S.E.L.L.A's Kitchen Rated PG is a 2016 comedy/family drama film based on a screenplay written by Ralph A. Celestin (Boston2Philly). The family friendly film stars (casting) as Marley aka S.E.L.L.A an 15 year old Hip Hop junkie who is also a Food Prodigy. Sella who lives in a famous New York City area where some of history's most infamous cultural icons invented the famous genre known as Hip Hop gains the attention of famed and notorious retired chef Napo played by (casting). Through sheer talent or more maybe pure luck Sella lands a job in the kitchen and competes for the position of head chef in Napo's new restaurant in an affluent upper class area of Manhattan NYC. Story-lines deal with the culture clash between the world of which Sella' lives in with his family and the shallow materialistic and closed-minded community in which the restaurant and food community reside. The film itself includes elements of core family values extensive history regarding hip hop music post modern day racism and functions as a mixture of melodrama artistic cinema and comedy. " Food is an expression of art and different cultures. The kitchen is the studio the pots and pans the instruments the hands the lyrics and the outcome- Hip Hop." S.E.L.L.A's Kitchen Rated PG-13 is a 2017 comedy/family drama film based on a screenplay written by Ralph A. Celestin (Visionary Director of Boston2Philly). The family friendly film stars Trisha Mondesir as Marley aka S.E.L.L.A an 18 year old Hip Hop junkie who is also a food prodigy. Sella who lives in the famous New York City area where some of history's most infamous cultural icons invented the famous genre known as Hip Hop gains the attention of notorious retired chef Napo played by Arthur Williams III. Through sheer talent or more maybe pure luck Sella lands a job in the kitchen and competes for the position of head chef in Napo's new Haitian cuisine restaurant in an affluent upper class area of Manhattan NYC. Story-lines deal with the culture clash between the world of which Sella lives in with her family and the shallow materialistic and closed-minded community in which the restaurant and food community reside. The film itself includes elements of core family values extensive history regarding hip hop music and Haitian culture post modern day racism and functions as a mixture of melodrama artistic cinema and comedy.