First story "Temptation": Two kids find a wallet. They are very happy. Little Marko treats everyone with ice cream soft drinks and cakes. His elder brother Slavcho insists on finding the wallet's owner. Together with their friend a lawyer's son they visit people listed on a piece of paper found in the wallet. After all the kids discover that the owner is the lady next door Ivanova who always yells at them and constantly complains to their parents about them. Giving back the wallet to her they get nothing but a load of reproaches in return. Second story "Violin Recital": Mitko son of the Penchevs takes violin lessons. His mother believes he has a talent and wants him to become a great musician. But Mitko doesn't want to play and talks his younger namesake Little Mitko into attending the violin lessons in lieu of him. After all their secret plan is revealed during the school concert. Mrs Pencheva doesn't change her mind -- and buys a piano. Two novels united by common characters and a never-settled problem: the clash between sincerity of children and the heartless pragmatism and ambitions of grown-ups. The film consists of two novellas. The firs novella 'Temptation' is about honesty. The filmmakers feel certain that this is inborn trait of any child but it depends on adults whether it is preserved or dies away. A five-year-old boy finds a purse full of money. He and his friends are now faced with the choice of using it to buy their favorite sweets or trying to find the owner. Honestly prevails but their fat neighbor Ivanova the purse's owner found by children after their violent inner struggle cannot appreciate their gesture and kicks up a row over the two leva (one dollar) that have been spent on cakes. In the second novella 'Violin Concerto' two boys mount an ingenious defend against the far-fetched ambitions of their parents: a kid unwilling to become a musician is forced to play by his ambitious mother. Children however are smart inventive and do not give up readily. Another one attends violin lessons on place of the first who prefers to paint but whose mother does not realize where his talent really lies. The deception is eventually discovered. The little culprits are punished but they have gained a genuine friendship.