AT THE TOP OF THE PYRAMID is an upbeat action packed ensemble comedy/drama about a group of young people who struggle to find the courage to follow their hearts. Filled with music sports friendship and romance it has been described as BRING IT ON meets FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS. A character driven dramedy infused with music AT THE TOP OF THE PYRAMID is a classic teenage ensemble film. Warm but exciting the story unfolds into an intense study of family; teenage social hierarchy in that rare place and time of life and the adults who dare attempt to guide them through it. Although our point of entry is the world of high school cheer leading AT THE TOP OF THE PYRAMID delves deeply into the psychological surrealism of the dreams nightmares fears and insecurities that haunt teenagers then dramatically climaxes as a chronicle of the power of relationships and the resilience of the human spirit. Led by our heroine JAMIE PARKER we participate in her struggle to learn the true meaning of courage trust and friendship as she struggles to make it to the top of her pyramid. A spitfire of a girl she has the spirit spunk and killer skills that take her to the top in cheer leading but after suffering a mysterious and devastating fall her loss of confidence is so severe that her family decides to move away. A year later her father is killed and Jamie and her mom are forced to move back and face her demons. Upon her return to Centerville USA we meet her group of friends frienemies and suitors. They take us on an urgent summer's-at-end adventure forming fresh alliances and discovering new loyalties; defining and character testing challenges that reveal integrity and purpose. Can they keep it together and make it to the top of their own individual pyramids? At least before the first day of school... Although comparisons to other quirky films aimed at teenagers are warranted AT THE TOP OF THE PYRAMID is a story wholly unique unto itself. The characters are brought richly to life and made real; they are familiar yet uncommon; Defiant but vulnerable; Refreshing honest authentic and completely self-contained. The willingness to accept their feelings and their ability to confront the differences those feelings make cause us to embrace their journeys and are what makes AT THE TOP OF PYRAMID compelling and entertaining. "It's not what happens or how you feel...but what you do!"