Jenny is a young girl who gets drawn into her computer world and interfaces with glitches spam and computer trash. She has been digitized and turned into a process so she can run on a computer from the inside. She's got a lot of very specific definitions of what a human being is what it actually means for one to "run" on a computer and to assume a great big honking load of hardware. Her world is an abstraction of the inner workings of a computer. Baffling to anyone who's ever written a line of code in their life where seemingly real world actions like jumping talking walking fighting kissing hugging represent a step in the execution of the process performing these actions. She's a facet of program processing but a digitized human process responds differently than a non-human process. Her world is created by Master Control who decides arbitrarily to make humans breathe but programs not. Human interface renders a complex paralleled resource allocation. Jenny is a Prep School girl who gets drawn into her computer world and interfaces with glitches spam and deleted data. She has been digitized and turned into a process so she can run on a computer from the inside. She's got a lot of very specific definitions of what a human being is what it actually means for one to "run" on a computer and to assume a great big load of hardware. So her world is an abstraction of the inner workings of a computer. Baffling and codified where seemingly real world actions like jumping talking walking fighting kissing hugging represent a step in the execution process of performing these actions. Jenny is a facet of program processing --a digitized human who responds differently than a non-human process. Her world is a simulation once created by Master Control who decided arbitrarily to make humans breathe and bleed and programs not. Human interface renders a complex paralleled resource allocation on a User like Jenny who doesn't need to work the same as a program for her world to be exciting.