A short-lived quiz show hosted by TV veteran Jim Lange. Husband-and-wife teams would compete against each other in answering a tough series of trivia questions. The winning couple would then go on to the championship round where they would have a chance to win one million dollars. Two married couples sometimes including a returning champion competed in one of the first game shows to offer $1 million as a grand prize. In "$1000000 Chance of a Lifetime" which combined elements of "Wheel of Fortune" and "Scrabble" the couples competed to solve word puzzles. Up to six clues were given for the puzzle's solution; one member of each team was selected to try to guess each clue word with letters inserted at random except for the last one. Each correct guess was worth $25 and allowed the contestant to go to the keyboard. The keyboard indicated which letters were in the puzzle plus one "stinger" (an extra letter not in the puzzle); selecting the "stinger" meant the contestant lost his/her turn and a new clue was played. Each selected letter revealed in the puzzle added $25 to the pot; the team that solves the puzzle won the pot. Three rounds were played with the second round values of $50 per clue/puzzle letter and third round values of $100 each. The team with the most money after three rounds was champion kept their winnings and advanced to the bonus round. In the bonus round the couple selected a category from a choice of three and then are locked in an isolation booth. The couple has 60 seconds to guess six words associated with that category. For each successful bonus round win the couple was given a cash prize ($5000 on day 1 $10000 on day 2) or they could give it back and continue always at risk of losing a subsequent bonus round and thus having to leave the show. Only by winning three bonus rounds in a row did the couple win the $1 million grand prize. The $1 million was awarded as all cash during the spring 1986 season and $900000 plus a $100000 luxury prize package (two Mazda cars a house full of furniture including a living room dining room bedroom complete kitchen and outdoor spa and twenty round-trip airline tickets to anywhere in America on Delta Air Lines) during the 1986-1987 season.