A wordplay-based game show in which teams of contestants compete for an entire week for cash prizes. Each team of four players is partnered with a celebrity guest who begins play by drawing a word from a pack. The celebrity guest and one contestant must then construct a question for which that word is the answer by alternating back and forth for each word in the question. Another contestant tries to guess the word by answering the question and if correct continues playing. Two teams of four members (usually related or having another common bond) were paired with one celebrity partner each in this short-lived word-association game. In turn one member of each team was posed a question by that team's celebrity partner and one of the teammates. After viewing the answer the teammates constructed a question alternating back and forth each word in the question before ringing a bell to call for an answer (e.g. "There ... "are" ... "four" ... "of" ... "these" ... "in" ... "a" ..."gallon"; answer: Quart). That player then moved to the next seat and was posed another question by two of his teammates. The first team is timed on how long it took to get five correct answers. The second team must try to beat that time to win the round otherwise the first team wins. Up to four such rounds were played worth $250 $500 $750 and $1250; the first to win $1500 won the game and advanced to the bonus round. Depending on if the team won all three rounds (a "clean sweep") they played the bonus round twice. In the bonus round the team had 60 seconds to communicate words to one of their teammates (never the celebrity guest). For the first question all four team members constructed the question one word at a time. Upon a correct answer one team member left with the remaining players forming the questions and so on until the fourth question until just the celebrity player remained. On the fourth correct question one of the teammates re-entered (and another upon correct answers) and teammed to form the questions. Seven correct answers within 60 seconds was worth $10000; if time ran out the team was paid $200 per correct answer. Teams competed for the entire week.