The Australian version of the U.S. game show. The game is played by three contestants who are usually a carry-over champion and two new challengers. The game begins with host 'Ian Turpie' (qv) asking the contestants four questions for which correct answers earn spins on the board. After each question is asked a contestant who thinks they know the answer can press their button with the first to do so giving their answer to the question. If they are correct they earn three spins but before they find out whether or not they are right the host offers the other two contestants the first contestant's answer and two alternative answers. Any contestant that chooses the correct answer earns one spin. If no contestant presses their button within five seconds of the question being asked a buzzer then sounds and the host gives all three contestants three possible answers. After the questions are asked the contestants play a Big Board round where they use the spins that they have earned to try to win cash and prizes. The board consists of eighteen squares that each display one of three possible outcomes of landing on the square moving between the choices at random. A selector light moves among the squares. The contestant who earns the fewest spins plays first and the contestant with the most spins plays last. If some or all of the contestants are tied the tie is broken by the player nearest the host's left playing first. Before each of their spins the contestant has two choices - to press their luck or pass. When they choose to press their luck a contestant presses their button and says "Stop" to stop the selector lights flashing. If the square that is lit up contains a cash amount or a prize its value is added to their total score. If the square contains a Whammy that contestant loses the cash and prizes they have accumulated to that point. Any contestant who accumulates four Whammies is out of the game. Other squares could award an additional spin as well as a cash prize or move the selector light either to another square or to one of two possible squares that the contestant chooses between. In later episodes one of the squares offered the special choice of Lose-a-Whammy or $200 + One Spin. Any contestant who stops on this square automatically receives the money and spin if they have no Whammies otherwise they choose between taking the money and spin or removing one of the Whammies they had received earlier. A contestant's turn continues until they run out of spins or choose to protect their bank by passing their remaining spins. The passed spins automatically go to the opponent with the higher score - if both of the opponents are tied the passing contestant chooses one opponent to pass their spins to. Any passed spins must be played by the contestant receiving them but if they land on a Whammy any remaining passed spins that they have revert to earned spins. Once the first two contestants have used or passed all of their spins the player who had the most spins at the start comes in to the game. They have to play any passed spins that they have received first then they can press on with their earned spins or pass them bringing the play immediately to the contestant that receives them. When all of the spins have been played by the three contestants the round ends. The contestants then play a second question round and a second Big Board round with higher values for the cash (up to $4000) and prizes on offer. This time the player who accumulated the most money at the end of the first round is in the "box seat" of playing last and the contestant with the least amount of money plays first. If there are any ties among the money earned they are broken first by the contestant with fewer spins playing first then if these are also identical the player on the left rule applies. The contestant that has the highest total at the end of the second Big Board round remains or becomes the champion and keeps the cash or prizes they have accumulated since their last Whammy. Any contestant who remains the champion for five consecutive nights has to retire undefeated and wins a Holden Astra car. The contestants also receive a Press Your Luck "Whammy" sweater-shirt from Sweathog Sweatshirts.