A high school sends a representative (and an alternative) either a sophomore or a junior to the television program. The alternative would only come to play if the original contestant would not be able to make it on the school's first appearance each season. For example if the original contestant qualified for the monthly final but the contestant can't be available the school forfeits its monthly final spot. But if the school sends its alternate and qualifies for the monthly final but the original becomes available for the monthly final the alternate would be the one that will represent the school. The season runs from October to July. In order to be the season's champion a contender must qualify for the monthly and quarterly finals and to win in the quarterly finals. In the weekly finals four schools would be represented (the manner of selection depends on the available schedule). The contender with the highest points at the end of the program wins the weekly final. The winner receives a cash prize of PHP12000 and the winner's school receives an LG television. Another two weekly finals will be held and on the fourth week a monthly final will be held where the three weekly champions and the second-placer with the highest total points (the wildcard) qualifies. The monthly winner receives a cash prize of PHP24000 with the winner's school receiving an LG television. If there are two contenders with the same number of points for the wildcard spot a written test will be administered (first season) or the contender with the higher number of buzz-ins (succeeding seasons) would qualify. The process will be repeated until there are three monthly champions. On the fourth month the three monthly champions plus the second-placer with the highest total points earned in the monthly finals contests a spot for the quarterfinals. The winner receives PHP96000 in scholarships. The process will be repeated until there are four quarterly champions (note that there is no wildcard). The quarterly champions would meet in the grand final where a scholarship worth PHP1.2 million would be contested.