A five-person team headed by a captain and determined by a random sweepstakes drawing must work their way up the Tower of Greed to a jackpot of $2000000. The catch: during the course of the game each team member has the chance to eliminate another member and take their cash by challenging them to a one-question showdown known as "The Terminator." In the wake of ABC's successful _"Who Wants to be a Millionaire" (1999)_ Fox created "Greed" advertising a possible $2 million jackpot for successful contestants. Six contestants were invited onstage to answer a question with a numeric answer (e.g. "To the nearest billion how many customers has McDonald's served as of 1998?"). The contestant coming closest to the correct answer served as team captain for the five-member team; the contestants having the next four closest guesses rounded out the "Team for Greed" which attempted to climb the "Tower of Greed" for the $2 million jackpot. In the first round host Woolery asked in turn each of the four contestants a general-knowledge multiple-choice question (the first worth $25000 and increasing by that amount up to $100000) ; the captain could either accept or reject an answer and replace it with one of other choices. Subsequent questions (the first worth $200000 the second $500000 and the third $1 million) had multiple answers (a la "According to McDonald's what are the four most popular hamburger toppings or condiments?") ; between six and nine possible answers were shown of which only four were correct. Everyone including the team captain provided at least one answer; the team captain could eliminate one incorrect answer by using a special one time-use token. The team captain could accept or change any of the answers (besides his/her own). Before the answers were revealed Woolery offered the captain a cash or prize buyout ($100000 split among the team members or each receive the keys to a new Jaguar sedan in addition to a $250000 cash split). The team captain (who always received a larger share of the cash unless Woolery indicated otherwise) could decide to quit with their winnings at any time or risk them on the next question. If the team was still in contention for the top prize after the $1 million question each of the team members could stop and take their winnings thus far or buy into the final $2 million question. An incorrect answer at any point in the game not only ended that team's chances for the jackpot but caused the team to lose all their "Tower of Greed" winnings. At several intervals of the game (the first coming after the initial series of four questions) the "Terminator" selected a contestant who was offered a guaranteed $10000 regardless of what happened later; he/she then could choose to face-off against a team member in a one-question showdown. Woolery sked a toss-up question; the contestant answering correctly continued to play (possibly replacing the team captain) and the loser was eliminated. Big winners and memorable contestants could return to later shows to answer an additional multiple-answer question for $1 million; their earlier winnings were safe.