The Master has the five contestants battling each other through a series of rapid general knowledge questions. The winner then earns the right to challenge the The Master (Martin Flood) for the title of "The Master" and one million dollars. Five contestants compete against each other for the right to go head to head with the Master. To do this they have to answer questions from ten subject categories. The first two rounds each consist of two parts - in the first part the contestants have 90 seconds to answer as many questions as possible with the questions being drawn from all ten categories. If a contestant answers a question correctly they will add $100 to their score but if they answer incorrectly pass or cannot answer in time they are locked out of the next question. The second part is the Master's Choice where the Master having studied the contestants' form over the previous round selects one of the subject categories and the contestants have another 90 seconds to answer questions from that category. The rules are similar except that a correct answer is worth $200. At the end of each Master's Choice round the contestant with the lowest score is eliminated but they get to take home any money that they have earned. If there is a tie for the lowest score the Master chooses who is eliminated. The final three contestants face the Master's Mean Minute where each contestant is individually given 60 seconds to answer questions in the category that they have previously nominated as their favourite. For each question they answer correctly they will earn $100 but if they give an incorrect answer pass or cannot answer in time they will lose $200. The final round is another 90 seconds of questions drawn from all ten categories and at the end of this round the contestant with the highest score receives $50000 and gets to go head to head with the Master. That contestant can choose to risk all or part of their $50000 (in multiples of $10000). Both of these choices have different pros and cons. A contestant that risks all of it will win $1 million and become the new Master if the contestant can beat the Master and can also choose the question category but if the Master wins the contestant leaves with nothing. A contestant risking only part of the $50000 will only win ten times the gambled amount but will leave with the part of the money that wasn't put at risk plus the amount that contestant earned over the preceding rounds if the Master wins however the Master gets to choose the question category. After the contestant decides how much to put at risk the contestant faces the Master for a head to head contest that is the best of five questions. Questions are asked alternately to the Master and the contestant and each question in this round has three possible answers from which each person has to select the correct answer. The questions end when one person obtains an unbeatable lead in terms of how many questions they have answered correctly. If the two players are tied after five questions then extra questions are asked until the winner is decided.