A somewhat successful five-day-a-week syndicated revival of the classic game show which was one of the most popular game shows of the 1960s and early 1970s. As before "Let's Make a Deal" contestants wore outrageous costumes designed to attract host Hall's attention. The contestants chosen from the 36-member trading gallery participated in a variety of deals many of them involving luck chance and intuition. For example a contestant could be handed $300 and given a chance to trade it for what was behind Door No. 1 2 or 3 or concealed beneath a box. Sometimes the prize would be great (such as a car or furniture). Or it could be a "zonk" a worthless nonsense prize there were many of them including animals junked cars and televisions or even the announcers and models dressed in their own costumes! While most games involved luck and intuition some involved skill (such as ordering merchandise in order from least to most expensive). A frequently-played new feature was "Door No. 4" wherein a randomly-selected person could choose to keep $1000 or spin a carnival wheel and end up winning a new car $4000 or much less perhaps even a "zonk." Toward the end of the show Hall would ask the contestants he had just dealt with one at a time if they wanted to trade their winnings for a chance to win the "Big Deal" of the day. Once two contestants were chosen Hall had them choose in turn either door No. 1 2 or 3; behind only one was the "Big Deal" a prize worth anywhere from $7000 to $10000 or more the others worth significantly less. Hall always revealed all three deals in ascending order of price regardless of whether the Big Deal was won. With whatever time was remaining Hall always asked contestants to trade odd items in their possession for cash ("I'll give you $25 for every pen in your purse"). While there was little or no gamesmanship involved in this program it can only be described as a 'game show'. Host Monty Hall would choose contestants from the audience based on how outlandishly they dressed and how insane they acted. These contestants were then given cash or prizes which they could then choose to keep or trade away for hidden mystery gifts. Sometimes the prize would be something valuable but other times it would even less than worthless.