An updated version of the popular early-80's game show of the same name. While the original used pairs of family members as contestants this version used a simpler one- on-one format. Presented with a grid of hexagons each with a letter printed on it one contestant had to make a horizontal line of five hexes while his opponent tried to make a vertical line of four. For each chosen hex a general knowledge question was asked the answer to which began with the letter printed on the hex. Whoever gave the correct answer to the question got control of the hex and could choose the next hex to be used. Based on the popular 1980 game show in this revamp version the "family pair" had been dropped and 2 contestants competed in a best two-out-of-three game match 1 a returning champion the other a challenger competed to connect hexagons by answering trivia questions that started with each letter on a 4 X 5 computerized grid board. All letters in each of those hexagons were all 1-word answers to questions relating to them. Also instead of challenging questions this updated version would feature a question in 2 parts: one is a series of suggestive questions by Mary Ellen Hellouise among many others and the second is the normal question on which the answer had been given right away. In Round 1 the challenger (red) had the advantage first by connecting top to bottom in as few as four moves as the champion (white) has the disadvantage by connecting side by side in as few as five. In Round 2 the advantage switched as the champion (white) connected top to bottom in as few as four moves while the challenger (red) had the disadvantage of connecting side by side in as few as five moves. If 2 contestants came close to each other (in paths on the board) after the last contestant picked the letter (in which one team whose path was connected and the other blocked) then the final sudden death question will be asked. If in an event of a tie a tie-breaking round is used on a 4 X 4 computerized game board that gave nobody the advantage (meaning that the challenger (red) needed to connect top to bottom in as few as four moves as the champion (white) needed to connect side by side also in as few as four moves). The champion played the Gold Run bonus round where they had to make the connection side by side connecting the gold to the gold on a 4 X 5 computerized board in 60 seconds by answering rapid-fire questions about that/those initial(s) to win a flat $5000 (before the jackpot that started at $5000 plus $5000 for each time it was not won). The Gold Run's answers consists of 1 to 5 letters whose words start with those initial letters on each hexagon represents a person place thing phrase event etc. Correct answers on a hexagon turns gold while wrong answers or passes turns the hexagon black "block" and the contestant had to work their way around that block. If a contestant failed to make that connection or was completely blocked in then he/she is rewarded $100 for every gold hexagon that a contestant had.