An updated version of the classic game show from the 60's and 70s'. While involving little in the way of real gamesmanship this game show quickly became a permanent facet of pop culture. Host Monty Hall would choose contestants from the audience based on how outlandishly they dressed and how insane they acted. These contestants were then given cash or prizes which they could then choose to keep or trade away for hidden mystery gifts. Sometimes the prize would be something valuable but other times it would even less than worthless. The unsuccessful 1990 attempt to revive the classic game show which at one time was the most popular of its genre. Early in the run veteran announcer Bob Hilton presided over the fun; original host Hall returned a few months later. "Let's Make a Deal" was the same game as before: Contestants wore outrageous costumes in the hopes that the host would choose them to participate in one of that day's deals. The games usually involved luck and intuition usually deciding between a cash amount or whatever was behind doors No. 1 2 or 3 or concealed beneath a box. Sometimes the prize would be great (such as a car or furniture) or it could be a "zonk" a worthless nonsense prize and there were lots of them including animals junked cars and televisions and actors dressed in their own costumes. However some games involved skill (such as ordering merchandise in order from least to most expensive). Toward the end of the show the host would ask the contestants or couples he had just dealt with one at a time who wanted to trade their winnings for a chance to win the "Big Deal" of the day. Once two contestants were chosen Hall had them choose in turn either door No. 1 2 or 3; behind only one was the "Big Deal" a prize or prize package worth more than $10000 the others worth significantly less (as thus someone who had won a $4000 living room could trade for a prize package worth only $1800). All three deals were always revealed in ascending order of price regardless of whether the Big Deal was won. With whatever time was remaining the host always asked contestants to trade odd items in their possession for cash ("I'll give you $50 for every Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle trading card that you have!"). Game Show Network began airing reruns of the earlier versions of "Let's Make a Deal" in August 2001; the 1990 NBC version was not included in the rotation.