As children Rheanna and Annette are happy. However after an evening of ghost stories and games with their friend Tara what started as innocent fun soon turns into a nightmare. Rheanna the youngest is murdered by the Old Hag Syndrome leaving both Annette and her mother Pamela scarred. An older Annette desperate to be closer to her mentally unstable mother becomes an intern at the psychiatric hospital where her mother resides. After a number of paranormal encounters some resulting in mysterious deaths Annette becomes convinced that the Old Hag Syndrome is supernatural rather than psychological threat. The haunting and death of Pamela and the haunting of Tara's only daughter pushes Annette to fight this creature before more lives are lost. As Annette is plunged into her own personal nightmare the forces of evil conspire against her as she prepares to make her final stand with the help of both hardened skeptic Alex and the man of faith Tumeric. Culminating in a nerve shredding battle of wits and mysticism Annette is put to the ultimate test and not everyone makes it out alive... The film is about a very common sleep disorder: sleep paralysis which is known across the world as The Old Hag Syndrome. This is because the victims of sleep paralysis often report a feeling that they are awake and conscious but feel they have the great weight of a woman crushing down upon their chest restricting their breathing and leaving them paralyzed and unable to move. This is a terrifying experience and has been studied by medical practitioners for thousands of years. While pursuing her dream of becoming a psychologist a dream greatly influenced by the death of her sister while she was a child Annette Chambers has begun her internship at the psychiatric hospital where her mother has been since her decline into madness. But when strange and unexplained things begin to happen she struggles to find the truth beyond science and the supernatural. Annette soon learns that sometimes we are haunted by more than just our past. Now she must find a way to stop an ancient evil that dwells between nightmares and reality before it destroys her... and everyone she has ever loved.