An ancient urn is found in a cemetery outside Rome. Once opened it triggers a series of violent incidents: robberies rapes and murders increase dramatically while several mysterious evil-looking young women coming from all over the world are gathering in the city. All these events are caused by the return of Mater Lacrimarum the last of three powerful witches who have been spreading terror and death for centuries. Alone against an army of psychos and demons Sarah Mandy an art student who seems to have supernatural abilities of her own is the only person left to prevent the Mother of Tears from destroying Rome. The final installment of the "Three Mothers" trilogy. A young American art student Sarah "unwittingly opens an ancient urn that unleashes the demonic power of the world's most powerful witch. As a scourge of suicides plague the city and witches from all over the world converge on Rome to pay homage Sarah must use all her own psychic powers to stop the 'Mother of Tears' before her evil conquers the world." While excavating outside of a cemetery in the countryside the workers accidentally find the coffin of the noble Oscar de la Vallée chained to a small urn buried since 1815. Monsignor Brusca orders to rebury the coffin inside the cemetery and sends the sealed urn to the director of the Museum of Ancient Art in Rome Michael Pierce who is an expert in mysticism and occult science to confirm his fears. However Michael's assistant Giselle Mares decides to open the urn with the student of Art Restoration and Archeology and Michael's lover Sarah Mandy. While opening she hurts her finger and drops blood on a magic red tunic resurrecting the evil witch Mater Lachrymarum who immediately spreads a wave of violence death and destruction in Rome and attracts witches from everywhere. While visiting Padre Johannes seeking answers Sarah meets Marta Calussi that tells that Mater Lachrymarum is trying to bring the second age of witches after the falling of Rome with chaos and human despair. Further Sarah's mother was a powerful white witch that dared to fight against the evil black witch and Sarah has inherited her abilities and is the last hope to stop the evil witch.