Countess Elizabeth Bathory history's infamous lesbian vampire who centuries ago bathed in the blood of virgins to preserve her youth arrives from Transylvania to take over the Los Angeles castle of Count Dracula her vampire husband. At the same time the 3000 year-old Mummy of Hor-Shep-Sut an evil Egyptian sorceress comes to life in a museum and stalks off into the night. Dracula meanwhile spends too long watching intended victims Tanya and Mina that failing to return to the castle before dawn is destroyed by the light of the rising sun. Renfield Dracula's insect-eating servant because he's spent too much time hunting fireflies than watching the time is guilt-ridden over failing to save his Master. Elizabeth who despises Renfield relates to him (in flashback) her sordid blood-bathing past in Transylvania. Then she forces Renfield to find her a female victim. Renfield leads her to Mina whom Elizabeth seduces in a video store. Elizabeth drinks Mina's blood thereby enslaving her. Barely getting back to her coffin by sunrise Elizabeth commands Renfield to find a way for her to survive in daylight. Fearful for his own life while at the same time trying to "kick" his bug addiction Renfield vows that Elizabeth will not suffer the same fate as his Master. Although weakened for not satisfying his insect habit Renfield learns from Professor Foran an archaeologist at the museum the legend of Hor-She-Sut (flashback). His quest to help the Countess eventually leads him and Elizabeth to a collectibles shop where the Mummy - its unnatural life force gone - is now but an item for sale. Killing the shop's proprietor Elizabeth steals the Mummy. Back at the castle and using the Mummy as a conduit Elizabeth contacts Hathor the Egyptian "blood goddess" and sister of Ra God of the Sun. Hathor reveals that by drinking the blood of three young women and also stealing their "kas" (spiritual twins) Elizabeth will be able to survive in sunlight. This Elizabeth does transforming Mina Tanya and Samantha another victim into "zombie-like" handmaidens. They attack Renfield for whom Elizabeth no longer has use leaving him for dead. When Elizabeth defies Hathor Renfield - revitalized by consuming a fly -- summons the goddess who possesses and re-animates the Mummy's body. But if the Mummy is destroyed while Hathor possesses it the Goddess will also die. Elizabeth and the Mummy battle outside the castle the Countess using her undead powers summoning lightning bolts that seemingly defeat the Mummy severing one of its arms. Renfield bravely wielding a sacred "Blood Scarab" like a crucifix and using the Mummy's jagged-ended arm like a stake impales Elizabeth's heart destroying her and ultimately saving Hathor.