Baron Frankenstein escapes from the guillotine and goes to Germany. There he names himself Dr. Stein and plans to restart his experiments by using parts of dead bodies. Baron Victor Frankenstein is sentenced to the guillotine but he succeeds to escape facilitated by the hunchback Karl Immelmann to Carlsbruck in Germany adopting the alias Doctor Victor Stein. Three years later he is a successful physician in a poor hospital. Doctor Hans Kleve recognizes Frankenstein and blackmails him to be his assistant. Dr. Stein shows a perfect body and tells to Dr. Kleve that Karl will donate his brain to a healthy body. They successfully transplant Karl's brain to the new body and Dr. Stein hides Karl in the attic. However a snoopy janitor witnesses the transportation to the room and tells to the nurse Margaret Conrad that the doctors have hidden a patient in the attic. Meanwhile Dr. Kleve comments with Karl that he will become a medical sensation and Karl is afraid of the situation. When Margaret finds Karl in the attic he convinces her to release the straps that hold him to the bed. Karl runs to Dr. Stein's laboratory but he is attacked by a man that believes that he is a burglar. When Dr. Stein and Dr. Kleve arrive in the laboratory Karl has already gone leaving two deaths on his path. What will happen to Karl and to Dr. Frankenstein? Having escaped death by the guillotine Dr. Frankenstein relocates to Carlsbruck. There as Dr. Victor Stein he successfully establishes himself as a physician with a large practice and a hospital for the poor. After three years however he is recognized by Dr. Hans Kleve but rather than expose him the young doctor wants to join him in his research. Frankenstein has resumed his experiments and is on the verge of re-animating a body he has constructed using the brain of Fritz the deformed assistant who helped him escape from his death sentence. The operation goes quite well and Fritz is quite pleased with his new body. An encounter with a drunken hospital attendant however sends him on the run. As his mind and his body deteriorates he publicly reveals the good Doctor's true identity.