Reclusive Dr. Zorba has died and left his eerie mansion to his penniless nephew Cyrus Zorba and his family. Along with the house the Zorba family has also inherited the occultist's collection of 12 ghosts who can only be seen through Zorba's special goggles. The family members their lives at risk upon the discovery that Dr. Zorba's fortune lies hidden somewhere in the house receive aid from unexpected quarters as the threat to their lives is revealed. Cyrus Zorba works at a local museum but is having trouble providing for his wife and two children. Their furniture has just been repossessed and they're not too sure what they're going to do when lawyer Ben Rush tells Buck his late uncle a Doctor Zorba has recently died and left him his house. The doctor they are told had perfected a way to collect ghosts. There are currently 12 living in the house the doctor's diary had space for a 13th. Who will be the thirteenth ghost to join them? The Los Angeles based Zorbas - paleontologist father Cyrus mother Hilda young adult daughter Medea and young teen son Buck - have just inherited a furnished old mansion from Cyrus' recently deceased uncle Dr. Plato Zorba a widely dismissed but wealthy occultist. This inheritance coincides with Buck's birthday wish that they have a furnished house in which to live as they have always rented and their furniture often repossessed because of Cyrus' forgetfulness to save money or pay the bills. The will states that they have to live in the mansion or else it reverts back to the state. The lawyer Benjamen Rush tells them that the mansion also comes with a housekeeper the witch-like Elaine Zacharides who decides to stay until she can find other arrangements and the ghosts that Plato collected from around the world. The Zorbas brush off the notion of ghosts as crazy. Ben however does believe in the ghosts' existence that belief based on what he saw of Plato when Plato was alive. Living at the mansion the Zorbas do believe that there are ghosts there which Plato tried to control as part of his work. They also believe that they are in possible mortal danger because of the ghosts. While Hilda wants to leave Cyrus wants to stay as he believes Plato willed the mansion to him for a reason and he is determined to find out what it is even at the risk of their lives. There is also the issue of Plato's vast monetary fortune which some believe may be hidden in the mansion. Cyrus Zorba works in a museum and is completely broken. His wife Hilda Zorba calls him and tells that their furniture has just been takes since he has not paid the installments. During the night Cyrus Hilda and their teenage daughter Medea Zorba celebrate the birthday of their son and brother Buck Zorba who is a fan of horror books and he wishes to have a house of their own with furniture. Out of the blue Cyrus learns that he has inherited an old mansion from his uncle Dr. Zorba. He visits the lawyer Benjamen Rush that tells that the house is haunted and he can not sell it. Further together with the house he receives the weird housekeeper Elaine Zacharides a hidden treasure and the collection of 12 ghosts that belonged to Dr. Zorba who was a master of the occultism. The family moves to the mansion and soon Cyrus discovers a set of special goggles that makes possible to see the ghosts. When Buck accidentally discovers the hidden fortune in the house the ambitious Benjamin lures the boy with the intention of stealing the money for him. But Dr. Zorba's ghost is also in the house and will protect his family.