Six friends are on their way to a football game. They decide to camp out for the night and continue driving the next day. The next day the friends find that they're having car troubles so two of the friends accept a stranger's ride into a small town named Ambrose. The main attraction in Ambrose is the House of Wax. Except something is not right in this town the wax figures are so realistic and the whole town is deserted - except for two murderous twin brothers. The six friends must fight to survive and escape from being the next exhibits in the House of Wax. Teenage friends Nick Jones Wade Dalton Chapman Blake Carly Jones and Paige Edwards must camp in a godforsaken part of Louisiana on their way to a college football game and get a good scare finding a pile of deer meat and one human arm- fake. After the fan belt of Wade's car breaks he decides not really a fan anyway to stay behind with his girl while the others drove on. the pair accepts a local's ride but rather rudely make him stop doubting his sincerity as turns out just outside the nearest town he tipped them off to have a garage. It's a sleepy place where they are scolding for interrupting a funeral to get the mechanic. waiting for him they wonder into the town's only attraction a nevertheless empty wax figures museum. After his arrival they split up and their nightmare starts ultimately being captured and tortured by a madman or two who already produced the wax people from once live ones. Meanwhile the other mates gave up braving a traffic jam that made them loose too much time to attend the match and return only to fall prey themselves. Still some survive and fight back. A group of friends on their way to a college football game falls prey to a pair of murderous brothers in an abandoned small town. They discover that the brothers have expanded upon the area's main attraction.. the House of Wax. And created an entire town filled with the wax-coated corpses of unlucky visitors. Now the group must find a way out before they too become permanent exhibits in the House of Wax... A group of friends (Carly Jones Nick Jones Paige Edwards Wade Dalton Chapman and Blake) are on their way to an important football game while along the way they decide to camp in some woods. The next day Wade's car experiences car troubles with a broken fan belt. Carly and Wade decide to go to the nearest town to get a new fan belt while the rest of the group attempts to go to the game. When an unbelievably slow traffic jam stops Paige Dalton Blake and Nick they decide to go back to get Wade and Carly. One by one the entire group ends up falling prey to two murderous brothers the creators of the town's local 'House of Wax'. They must escape before they become the House of Wax's main exhibit.