Barbra and Johnny visit their father's grave in a remote cemetery when they are suddenly set upon by zombies. Barbra manages to get away and takes refuge in what seems to be an abandoned farm house. She is soon joined by Ben who stopped at the house in need of gas. Beset by the walking dead all around them Ben does his best to secure the doors and windows. The news reports are grim however with creatures returning to life everywhere. Barbra and Ben are surprised when they realize there are 5 people hiding out in the basement: Harry Helen and Judy Cooper; and a young couple Tom and Judy. Dissensions sets in almost immediately with Harry Cooper wanting to be in charge. As their situation deteriorates their chances of surviving the night lessen minute by minute. Many years ago in the quiet Pennsylvania countryside the dead began to walk. Fuelled for an insatiable hunger for human flesh the ghouls ghastly quest inadvertently brought together six strangers whose inability to unite would ultimately lead to their tragic downfall. The dead come back to life and eat the living in this low budget black and white film. Several people barricade themselves inside a rural house in an attempt to survive the night. Outside are hordes of relentless shambling zombies who can only be killed by a blow to the head. Chaos descends upon the world as the brains of the recently deceased become inexplicably reanimated causing the dead to rise and feed on human flesh. Speculation rests on a radiation-covered NASA satellite returning from Venus but it only remains a speculation. Anyone who dies during the crisis of causes unrelated to brain trauma will return as a flesh-eating zombie including anyone who has been bitten by a zombie. The only way to destroy the zombies is to destroy the brain. As the catastrophe unfolds a young woman visiting her father's grave takes refuge in a nearby farmhouse where she is met by a man who protects her and barricades them inside. They both later discover people hiding in the basement and they each attempt to cope with the situation. Their only hope rests on getting some gasoline from a nearby pump into a truck that is running on empty but this requires braving the hordes of ravenous walking corpses outside. When they finally put their plans into action panic and personal tensions only add to the terror as they try to survive.