Gina an American art student who moved to Italy to work as an art restorer is asked by the priest of the local gothic church to clean up an old painting that was found there and which may contain a second hidden painting that was painted over for some reason. Gina later visits her best friend Catherine who's inherited a nearby castle where she once lived before moving to America as a child. Her old nanny is now the only other person there. The two girls visit a traveling sideshow carnival and invite the performers to the castle for dinner. Both girls fall for the handsome leader of the carnival who unfortunately turns out to be an evil magician and serial rapist. He and his evil dwarf minion drug the girls' drinks and have their way with them. The magician then takes Catherine to his twin brother who has turned into a beastman due to a curse to have sex with her while she's still out. In the morning the girls wake up barely remembering what happened. Gina leaves to work on the painting but Catherine receives visitation from a girl who turns out to be her murdered ancestor. She shows her the portal to the place out of time where the carnival is hiding. Catherine learns that the two brothers have been cursed as punishment centuries ago to turn into beastman each day and never age. She realizes that she and the "good" brother were meant for each other and decides to help him break the curse even if it means death for all of them. Two American students go to Italy after graduating from art school one to work in restoration of paintings the other because she's inherited her father's castle. When the restorer visits her friend at the castle they invite the players of a traveling sideshow to dinner and are slipped drugs leading to an orgy of abandon. The woman who owns the castle keeps having visions of a young woman who has been stabbed in the castle. After talking to her nanny she finds that the "vision" woman is her father's sister who was murdered brutally as the consequence of a 15th Century curse put on her family and that she is the next in line and the troupe they have entertained is a part of the curse.