A trio of atmospheric horror tales about: A woman terrorized in her apartment by phone calls from an escaped prisoner from her past; a Russian count in the early 1800s who stumbles upon a family in the countryside trying to destroy a particularly vicious line of vampires; and a 1900-era nurse who makes a fateful decision while preparing the corpse of one of her patients - an elderly medium who died during a seance. A trilogy of three horror stories. "The Drop of Water" concerns a nurse who steals a ring off a dead spiritualist only to have the corpse seek revenge. "The Telephone" features a prostitute who is terrorized by phone calls from a dead client. "The Wurdalak" stars Boris Karloff as a vampire who feeds on the blood of his loved ones. (1) "Il Telefono" - Rosy receives many phone calls threatening her. She believes her former lover who has just escaped from prison is calling her. She denounced him for a crime committed time ago and he was convicted. She calls her girlfriend Mary to stay with her. A secret is revealed and a tragedy happens in the end. (2) "I Wurdulak" - Vladimire d'Urfe a young man is riding a horse at night and finds a man with a knife in his back. He withdraws the dagger from the man and finds a house close to the place where he found the body. There he meets a family composed of two brothers one sister one sister-in-law and one nephew and he falls in love at first sight with the beautiful Sdenka. He realizes that the dead man was a criminal probably killed by the head of the family Gorca and he is advised to leave that place before Gorca arrives back at midnight. The family informs him that there is a chance that Gorca might have been transformed in a Wurdulak a kind of vampire who drains blood from the living persons. A few seconds after midnight Gorca comes back home and the afraid family does not know whether he was transformed or not. The family discovers later what happened in a tragic way. (3)"La Goccia d' Acqua"- Helen Chester is called to prepare the body of a countess for her funeral. She steals the worthy ring from her finger. The countess comes back from beyond to retrieve her ring terrifying the frightened woman.