The residents of Haddonfield don't know it yet... but death is coming to their small sleepy town. Sixteen years ago a ten year old boy called Michael Myers brutally kills his step father his elder sister and her boyfriend. Sixteen years later he escapes from the mental institution and makes his way back to his hometown intent on a murderous rampage pursued by Dr Sam Loomis who is Michael's doctor and the only one who knows Michael's true evil. Elsewhere a shy teenager by the name of Laurie Strode is babysitting on the night Michael comes home... is it pure coincidence that she and her friends are being stalked by him? On Halloween 1963 Haddenfield 10-year-old Michael Myers estranged and mentally unstable is imprisoned in Smith's Grove Sanitarium under the care of Dr. Sam Loomis for the murders of his mother's boyfriend his older sister and her boyfriend. Now 16 years later he escapes and now in search of his baby sister Laurie and Dr. Loomis must warn the residents of Haddenfield and get to Laurie before Michael does. Young Michael Myers is committed to Smith's Grove after the brutal murder of his mom and sister's boyfriends and his sister Judith. After being there for roughly 17 years he returns to his home town of Haddonfield in search of one of the only people he has ever cared about his baby sister Laurie Strode. As he is tracked down by Dr. Sam Loomis he will kill anybody who gets in his path. In Haddonfield Illinois the nine years old Michael Meyers is raised by a dysfunctional family: his mother Deborah is a stripper in a night-club; his foster father Ronnie is an alcoholic bum; his sister Judith is a easy girl; and he is connected to his baby sibling. On October 31st after an incident in school where he is bullied by a schoolmate Michael overhears the conversation of the principal and the psychiatric Dr. Samuel Loomis with his mother. They had found pictures of Michael torturing animals in his backpack and Dr. Loomis would like to send Michael for psychiatric evaluation believing that the boy is deranged. This revelation triggers Michael that escapes from the school and kills the bully Ronnie Judith's boyfriend Steve Haley and his sister Judith. Michael is held in custody in the Smith's Grove Sanatorium under the treatment of Dr. Loomis. Eleven months later during the visit of his mother Michael kills his nurse and his stressed mother commits suicide. Fifteen years later Michael escapes from the mental institution leaving bloodshed behind and heads to Haddonfield in the Halloween's night.