Two couples traveling in eastern Europe decide to visit Karlsbad despite dire local warnings. Left outside the village by a coachman terrified at the approach of night they find themselves in the local castle and are surprised at the hospitality extended by the sinister Klove. It turns out the owner Count Dracula dead for ten years has been hoping for such a visit. The English couples Helen Kent her husband Alan Kent his brother Charles Kent and his wife Diana Kent are traveling through the Carpathian Mountain on vacation expecting to climb the mountains. When they are eating in a tavern they meet Father Sandor that advises them to not go to the castle in Carlsbad. However they ignore the warnings and take a mysterious carriage to the infamous castle. They are welcomed by Dracula's creepy servant Klove that tells that his master died many years ago. Along the night Helen overhears someone calling her and Alan sees Klove carrying a trunk through the corridor. Alan decides to snoop and follows Klove. However the servant attacks him in the basement and uses his blood to revive Count Dracula from his ashes. Now the trio of English tourist will experience the presence of the evil creature in their lives. Ten year after the events in _Dracula (1958)_ (qv) brothers Charles and Alan Kent and their wives Diana and Helen are holidaying in the Carpathians. A traveling monk Father Sandor warns them to avoid the nearby castle at all costs which would have been easy since it can't be located on a map and the locals profess no knowledge of a castle nearby. When their coach driver abandons them in a forest due to impending darkness they see the castle in the distance. They enter and find it well maintained and in fact the only person there is Klove who said his late master left instructions that all travelers seeking refuge were to be given a meal and a place to sleep. Unbeknown to the travelers Klove serves Count Dracula and the blood of one them is used to resurrect him. Charles and Diana escape and seek the assistance of Father Sandor. Before they can send Diana to safety in England Dracula kidnaps her forcing Charles and Father Sandor to follow Dracula to his own castle and hunt him down. First Sequel to the Hammer Studios version of the Dracula Legend teaming Christopher Lee as the Count and his arch enemy Peter Cushing as the famous Vampire hunter Van Helsing. In this installment the count is brought back from the dead after his destruction in the original film. Dracula proceeds to pick up where he left off by terrorizing the people visiting his castle where ultimately good and evil again clash.