Chris Flynn is driving his car for a job interview in another city. However an accident with a trunk transporting chemical products blocks the highway and Chris looks for an alternative route through the mountains of West Virginia to accomplish his schedule. Due to a lack of attention he crashes another car parked in the middle of the road with flat tires. Chris meets a group of five friends who intended to camp in the forest and they decide to leave the couple Francine and Evan on the place while Chris Jessie Carly and her fiancé Scott tries to find some help. They find a weird cabin in the middle of nowhere where three violent cannibalistic mountain men with the appearance of monsters live. The two couples try to escape from the mountain men while chased by them. Chris Flynn is driving through the backwoods of West Virginia on the way to an interview when he has an accident with a group of five friends writing off his car. Their car is also damaged so four of them set off to find help leaving two behind to watch the cars. One by one they get picked off by a bunch of mutated inbred hillbillies. In a throwback to 1970's horror films such as "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and "The Hills Have Eyes" "Wrong Turn" is an independently-made horror film about a group of five youths on a hiking trip in the Appalachains of West Virginia who become prey to a family of cannibalistic mountain men who have become horribly disfigured through generations of in-breeding. Chris Finn (Desmond Harrington) is on his way to a job interview and is driving through the mountains of West Virginia. There is then a chemical spill on the road so being short on time he decides to take a different route an abandoned dirt road in the middle of nowhere. He then by accident crashes into a car sitting in the middle of the road. He then meets a group of friends on a hiking trip who include Jessie (Eliza Dushku) whom where stranded on the road. Two people stay at the car and another group goes for help only to find a sinister cabin nesteled in the West Virgina woods that is home to a trio of cannibalistic mountain men horribly disfigured from years of in-breeding. They then make a mad dash for their lives through out the woods only hoping to make it out alive.