Blood: A Butcher's Tale embodies the harrowing story of Sam a simple yet effective butcher. He has mastered the art of slaughter and is considered a master craftsman at the meat processing plant. Sam is destined to follow the path of innate brutality when he discovers the true reason why Darcy the love of his life is becoming emotionally disassociated. Out of desperation he follows her to a destination that will change the course for history forever. Sam is voyeur to a sensual encounter between Darcy and a charismatic Casanova with a fetish for finger foods. As he investigates further Sam discovers what seems to be the final generation of existing vampires. In a painful attempt to reform his bloodlust infatuated fiancé he experiences a long overdue epiphany vampirism is a disease and he is the cure. Sam's universe now spirals to a series of surreal episodes as he tracks down and disposes of the few remaining vampires. Finally he tracks down and prepares to dispatch the sole remaining survivor Lily. An unwilling blood hunter she like Sam is torn between living the everlasting romance of the undead and his moral obligation to cleanse. Helplessly Sam falls in love Lily and learns to respect her desire to be human. Sam readjusts to his life with his new found partner and learns to live with the differences between the two races. But can Sam rest in the knowledge that he is riding the line between dead and not? The harrowing tale of Sam a simple butcher who discovers that the love of his life is being seduced by a vampire. As he investigates further he realizes that his destiny is to become the destroyer of this blood thirsty race. Sam begins a killing spree with the slaughter of his beloved fiancé then her blood addicted lover. Sam then makes it his duty to systematically destroy the remainder of the clan until he hesitates on killing Lily the last of her race. Helplessly he falls in love with Lily and learns to respect her desires as normal. Eventually Sam must decide if he is willing to repopulate the planet with the exact race he set out to destroy.