Lance Preston and the crew of "Grave Encounters" a ghost-hunting reality television show are shooting an episode inside the abandoned Collingwood Psychiatric Hospital where unexplained phenomena have been reported for years. All in the name of good television they voluntarily lock themselves inside the building for the night and begin a paranormal investigation capturing everything on camera. They quickly realize that the building is more than just haunted - it is alive - and it has no intention of ever letting them leave. They find themselves lost in a labyrinth maze of endless hallways and corridors terrorized by the ghosts of the former patients. They soon begin to question their own sanity slipping deeper and deeper into the depths of madness ultimately discovering the truth behind the hospital's dark past...and taping what turns out to be their final episode. The executive producer Jerry Hartfield of a video production company in California presents the Episode 6 - "The Haunted Asylum" of the reality show "Grave Encounters". He advises that the episode has not been edited. The director Lance Preston and his team of paranormal investigators formed by Sasha Parker Matt White Houston Gray and T.C Gibson go to the Collingwood Psychiatric Hospital to spend the night locked down inside the haunted place. They schedule with the resident caretaker to release them on the next morning. But time seems to be different in the evil place. Sooner they learn that the building is a labyrinth and they can not find how to leave the spot. Further they are frightened by fiends and they give signs of insanity. Five people. One abandoned mental hospital. Fourteen cameras. One locked door. Hundreds of barred windows. You will be unprepared for the horrifying scenes unfolding upon Lance Preston and his crew. Abandoned years ago but never demolished the Collingwood Psychiatric Hospital stands to this day. Reports flow of apparitions ghosts spirits noises and hauntings. This attracts young producer Lance Preston of the "Grave Encounters" reality series crew to the location in the hopes of shooting their next episode. As instructed Kenny the caretaker locks the crew inside after the walkthrough and his own interview and chains the door shut. They are alone in the building and quite literally imprisoned within it's walls. But this is no mere building; It has a history. AND and attitude! With cameras from the crew and the Static Cameras recording every angle of the sheer terror on film you will be clutching your seat as the crew clutch their lives and their sanity. Jerry Hartfield producer: "What you are about to see is not a movie. We assembled this from some 76+ hours of raw Mini TV sourced footage That was shot for Lance's show. It has not been manipulated in any way; it's just raw footage that't been edited strictly for timing." It's a regular thing to try to find real proof of ghosts but when the leader of a team show asks the guardian of a psychiatric hospital to lock them up from midnight to six p.m. the pressure goes insane as their own sanity is being taken down by things they would never have imagined.