Five high school cheerleaders drive out to a rural mansion to spend the weekend. They hear a thirty year-old urban legend about a young boy who killed his family and used their blood in his juvenile artwork. While exploring an old farmhouse on the property they discover that the boy never left his home and has grown into a sick and twisted man. Amber Megan Samantha Hilary and Candace are taking one last summer trip together before school starts. They decide to go to one of the girl's uncles house. On their way they have car trouble and meet a very strange and perverted man named Walter and his assistant Caleb a nice looking young man with a studder. Once their car is fixed the girls continue to the uncle's house where they meet a few neighbors and become friendly. The neighbors tell the girls about a house down the street that no one will ever go into because they fear it is haunted. A young boy forty years before murdered his family. The girls decide they are going to hold a party at the haunted house the next night. 5 young cheerleaders go on a summer vacation to an uncles house. On their way they run out of gas and meet two strangers. When they get to town they learn of a house where a young boy killed his family that no one ever goes into. They decide it will be fun to see what is in the house but they may not really want to know. The girlfriends Amber Megan Samantha Candice and Hillary drive their Jeep to spend a couple of days in a mansion that belong to the uncle of one of the girls in San Joaquin Valley ninety kilometers north of Los Angeles. They run out gas on the road and the pervert mechanic Walter and his stutter assistant Caleb give the necessary fuel to the girls. While parting in the swimming pool of the house they meet their neighbor Ranken and decide to hold a party in the night in the Rue Family Farmhouse an abandoned place considered haunted where a couple of people had been murdered many years ago. Later the girls find the truth about the place and the locals.