Omer Pasha Music Videos have recently collaborated with gala events based in Vancouver. High-tech social galas that feature today's trend style fashion glamor and culture in the local community in Yaletown Vancouver. The events feature fashion shows dance performances live music product promotions and much more. A colossal compilation of more than 500 music videos and short movies produced by Omer Pasha have been screened and played non-stop at famous hot spots in downtown Vancouver; to name a few "Pink Thai" "Chinois" and "Fortune Sound Club." Omer Pasha Music Videos have received a tremendously positive and encouraging response from the local Vancouver Community. The Cal Crew is a tribute based on Pasha's friends particularly from the US: ArizonaWisconsinCalifornia Arkansas Alaska Florida Massachusetts and New York. The main song "Sitemail (Midnight Explanation)" gives a final message to his friends that its ok to be yourself all judgment is wrong when the love is so strong and the bonding of the souls on a chat and cam show is so amazing. California Midnight Movies sprout from a small town in Los Angeles "Glendale." Pasha escapes flies and runs from witches and demons that want him not to meet Caucasian people" the loves of his life." This action-movie style musical saga extends over Sacramento San Diego Santa Barbara and all over Los AngelesHollywood etc. Pasha breaks all curses with the power of spirituality. "California Midnight Women (Revised Edition)" and "The Cursed Riddles of California" are music video movies that are a reflection Pasha's hardcore dance parties with both white women and men over the past several years in his personal life. The music videos depict joy and happiness gained from the pleasure. The two double feature compilations are also a celebration when Pasha has broken all curses. "The New World Order" Pasha was inspired to make this musical solely based on a single event in his personal life; his supernatural meeting with Dajjal-The Anti-Christ a political leader from the future. The title song "You Let It Come (Radio Mix)" is sung by Pasha for Satan to the Devil. The song suggests that when Dajjal is unchained from his island "will you under-estimate Christ?" When Dajjal establishes the new world order and has left the world the "devil's respite time has died" and the end of the world is indeed near. "Vancouver Midnight Movies" are a patriotic tribute to the city and people of Vancouver; for being the most glamorous peaceful and party oriented city in Canada. Local actors and dancers parade over Surrey New Westminster Burrard Street Robson Street Davie Street and all over downtown Vancouver in a celebration of the city's happiness and fancy life style.