then I saw shimmering white lights then pictures my head? In Shaydon's grave that I took. Then the chants 'God is Great' began and then there he is Mr. Shaydon in front of my eyes. Yes this earth should know when I say 'in front my eyes' . An aperture opens to access the dead world. The atmospheric conditions are different. There is oxygen on here and there is no oxygen there in the dead world. This aperture is not supposed to open and when it opens the atmospheric conditions collide and then there was thrusting commotion like too many air pockets in an airplane flight because the aperture had opened between this world and the dead world and hey there is Shaydon there he is sitting in front of me in his long blonde hair and blue eyes restored to youth and yes totally forbidden to talk  all he said was 'stay' and then the apertures closed. God u knew in my mind I question u like an atheist is this really Shaydon? Is this a hallucination or imagination? And You then show me the lights flickering of the other world pure shimmering white like clusters of diamonds and I realize I am fully awake. The chants of 'God is Great' echo and echo. The aperture closes Shaydon is gone . Ya. Then.
26021,Roadie Chefs II (2001),documentary,Hosted by K.D. Lang this 1-hour documentary for the Food Network takes a behind-the-scenes peek at the gypsy lifestyle endured by many touring artists. Performance clips and on-camera interviews with Tina Turner Willie Nelson Arlo Guthrie Faith Hill and Tim McGraw The Bare Naked Ladies Stone Temple Pilots and N-Sync provide entertaining insight into their lives on the road and the personal chefs who cook for them.
26022,Justice Served (2015),thriller,JUSTICE SERVED follows Luke Palmer a Los Angeles widower who has been in therapy for a year since his wife's accused killer was found Not Guilty at trial. In an attempt to get away from his anguish Luke takes a trip to Scottsdale for a three-day vacation but is kidnapped and awakens to find himself in a room with a recording device...and an electrified restraining chair. The next thing Luke knows a hooded man is dragged into the room and secured in the chair. The hood is removed to reveal Galen Terry the man acquitted for Luke's wife's murder. An ominous voice comes over a loudspeaker and says My name is Justice. You are here to retry the case of California vs. Terry for the murder of your wife - The defendant's chair is electrified. The electricity is controlled by the red button. Feel free to use it." Luke is one of three individuals whose loved ones were victims of crimes and the accused perpetrator was inexplicably exonerated. Now these individuals will be given a second chance to re-litigate the crime in a private setting under the auspices of "Justice".