In the small resort town of Lighthouse Cove everyone knows that the best man for the job is a woman. And that woman is Shannon Hughes owner of Hughes Restoration and an expert in Victorian home restoration and renovation. Through her renovations she will find clues to uncover the house's secret past and in turn become an unlikely sleuth to help crack these unsolved mysteries. From the Fixer Upper Mystery book series by Kate Carlisle. Shannon Hughes is a renovation contractor in Lighthouse Cove Oregon where she grew up. Her latest big project was for her longtime friend Jennifer Hennessey to convert Jen's family home into a B&B. Shannon hopes her next big project which would be the biggest of her career is the renovation of a historic home in town for its new owner Macintyre Sullivan an investigative journalist who is looking for a getaway to write his crime novel. Jennifer and Shannon's friendship is a second generation one where Jennifer's uncle Jesse Hennessey Shannon's father Pete Hughes and their friend Stephen Davison's father Ned Davison are best friends they primarily going fishing and salvage diving. Jesse in particular likes to tell tall tales. However the truth behind Jesse's dives are well known as he donated everything from his dives to the Maritime Museum he not interested in monetary possessions for himself. Jesse and Ned's best friend status hit a bump in the road when Jesse started dating yogi Althea Morton a woman who Ned "saw first" and who Jesse is contemplating asking to marry him. Life among this collective takes a turn for the worse when a death occurs among the group. Although the police deem the death to be due to an accidental fall Shannon who found the body suspects that the victim met with foul play. Mac who has moved into Shannon's small guest house while she works on his house and Shannon combine their skills to investigate Mac's strengths in investigation and Shannon's in the knowledge of contracting and historic buildings of the area. The key to discovering the truth may be the mysterious white haired man driving the small blue compact hatchback. But the closer Shannon and Mac get closer to the truth the more they place themselves and Shannon's friends and loved ones in danger.