The Prince of Old Havana. Set in Havana at the turn of the 20th century this is the true story of Alberto Yarini the son of European aristocrats who could have had his pick of any number of respectable careers - but where he felt most at home was among the disenfranchised the Afro-Cubanos and prostitutes to whom he offered a safe haven and home. He became known as "The Great Pimp of San Isidro" and "The Prince of Old Havana" crossing all social and cultural barriers friends with dignitaries and politicians as well as the city's poor. He was a man of the people and one of the city's biggest power brokers. Part Bertolt Brecht's MacHeath part Don Juan...and part Shakespeare's Prince Hal. Yarini inhabits a distinct world where European social mores and customs intermingle with African rhythms and rituals. Havana in its last Hurrah. THE PRINCE OF OLD HAVANA THE PRINCE OF OLD HAVANA is an erotic thriller based on the true story about a man of incredible personal charisma Alberto Yarini. Set in the lusty Latin world of Cuba's capital in 1910 Havana is a humming world of Victorian values song dance bright colors spicy food and hard drink. Life was to be lived. Whites blacks and mixed mingled in the streets where the clip-clop of hooves on cobblestones could be heard. People worked hard and played harder and Yarini's girls were there at the end of the day to dole out pleasure in unlimited quantities. Unlike other prostitutes these girls came from France elsewhere in Europe and were willing to perform sexual feats never before experienced in Havana. The politicians took note of this and were dutifully decorous during the day but nefariously nasty at night. Yarini never gave anyone away; that's why he was so valuable to the pols and had great power in Havana. Dashing and handsome he was a knight in demeanor. While Yarini ran his bordello he could marshal the populace to vote one way or the other and get politicians to look the other way since they were its main clients. This film contrasts the two types of women allowed to exist in that era the repressed Victorian housewife whose only identity was through her powerful husband and the working girl the prostitute. Yarini flitted back and forth between these two types of women between the worlds of love power and influence and the worlds of submission mysticism powerlessness and lust. Someone however will betray Yarini. His story is a sensual one. It mixes charm and lust power and pleasure money and corruption magic and realism. It is the story of Old Havana. It is also the oldest story in the world.