When Aurora pitches in to help her busy real estate mother Aida she quickly realizes she has again walked into a life or death situation. When a body is discovered at her first house showing and a second body is found in another house for sale it becomes obvious that there is a very cool killer at large. Lawrenceton librarian Aurora Teagarden - Ro to her friends - is the president of a real murders discussion club. As a favor to her mother real estate agent Aida Teagarden Ro is at the Anderton house to show the listing to one of Aida's new clients Martin Bartell an executive at Pan-Agra a manufacturing company he who is decorated ex-military. The showing is not quite as either Ro or Martin anticipates as Martin discovers a dead body outside the back gate of the house it being Tanya Lee Greenhouse another local real estate agent. She apparently had shown the house the afternoon before. Homicide Detective Lynn Liggett the wife of Robbery Detective Arthur Smith a former club member and Ro's ex-boyfriend does officially state that she is investigating the death as a homicide. The initial evidence points to the murderer being one of the town's real estate agents there only being three firms in town they who are all friendly with each other: ABT Realty Aida's company and her staff; Greenhouse Realty which was run by Tanya Lee and her loving husband Donnie Greenhouse; and Sternholz Farrell (Terry and Franklin respectively) Franklin Farrell who had once dated Ro's best friend newspaper reporter Sally Allison who he would still be dating if he had his way but he who she stopped dating in favor of his cousin Henry Evans that relationship which didn't last. Beyond her interest in real murders Ro takes an active interest in this case if only to protect her mother who could have been the target. Ro begins to believe that the murder could have been associated to what she eventually learns is a string of unreported high end art thefts. But Ro can't help but place Martin on the top of the suspect list especially when she discovers more about his undisclosed past.