GardenSMART is never behind a potting bench. Each week GardenSMART features an expert horticulturist from fantastic garden locations who shares their knowledge and gardening experiences which provides our audience a wide range of practical helpful advice. GardenSMART is a "hands in the dirt" experience. Topics addressed each week are varied timely and cutting edge. For example a program might address - new garden design ideas concepts for outdoor rooms new plants or tools as well as how to install care for and maintain your plants. In addition to learning from experts countrywide each week on GardenSMART we discover new plant ideas explore outdoor living concepts and often incorporate design tips into the shows. These weekly visits are sure to inspire and provide insight into gardening unlike any other gardening television program. Whether an experienced or novice gardener tune in each week for innovative as well as time tested gardening ideas designed to help you GardenSMART. 2009 marks the 11th season the team at GardenSMART has been producing gardening programming for PBS stations. And we think it's the best yet. Come along as we visit gardens from Hawaii to Georgia with stops at fantastic locations in Arizona Ohio Louisiana and Wyoming to name a few. We'll be featuring historic gardens (ex. Monticello & Rosedown Plantation) cutting edge research facilities (ex. Biosphere 2 & University of Virginia) important events (the Rose Parade Festivities & Frontier Days) all featuring stunningly beautiful gardens and helpful gardening tips. Importantly we'll tackle "green" and "sustainable" issues such as water conservation gardening with high impact-low care plants how to handle storm water run off effectively and much more. Fifty two shows are delivered for broadcast each year and they follow the growing season. The information presented that day should be pertinent and helpful in your garden that same day. Whether a novice or expert be sure to tune in each week and GardenSMART.