Follow the three hosts and a motorcycle enthusiast guest celebrity as they ride into a new American rural township each episode. Our hosts meet and greet the locals experiencing interesting and unique shops and listen to the history that has made that town great. The journey ends at a roaring campfire. Bikes and the locals surround our hosts and guest celebrity as they share the complete bonding experience. The following morning our hosts and crew are back on the road ready to meet a new celebrity guest and another great American destination. Our two-wheel riding hosts are Chris Jamie and Andy. Chris (biker stuntman firefighter) is a long-haired tattooed rider with a full-throttle attitude. Our sexy and accessible Jaime (biker Vegas dancer and singer) charms her way into everyone's hearts. And Andy (Biker Food Critic Radio Host) is Andy. Free Ride provides a fun unique platform for our motorcycle enthusiast celebrity to pitch their latest project. The campfire segment is the celebrity's floor so as to bring a common bond to all watching and listening talking about motorcycles charities a new album book movie show etc. Free Ride is a fast paced1 hour Motorcycle Travel series that showcases unique food drink history and the American people. Wit humor beautiful cinematography and custom powerful motorcycles allows you the audience to envision yourself on the back of a bike that will have you holding on tight. Ride with Chris Jaime and Andy as they roar down the less traveled back roads of the "good ole' U.S.A". Seeing towns that are the root core of American culture. Each episode will have a motorcycle enthusiast "Celebrity Guest" along for the adventure too. The journey ends around a campfire that reveals a unique bonding experience in a final dialog between the Host and Celebrity and the visited town audience. The shows "Guest Celebrity" will be pitching their latest project as the final word. Free Ride is Man/Woman Vs. Food OCC No Reservations. The celebrity element with scripted dialog brings the cast into a turbo charged full-throttle hell of a ride for the viewing public's pleasure.