There are about 3 million hoarders in the United Kingdom. This program focuses on such different topics as: obsessive cleaners who live with extreme anxiety at the thought of dirt; people who become hoarders as a result of bereavement and other traumas; and the perils of breathing in dust and unknown particulate matter which might even be toxic. Hoarders find it easier to let their things go if they donate to charity rather than throwing them into the skip. Linda Dykes of Abergele Wales known as the "Queen of Gleam" has an obsessive-compulsive need to clean. She has a team who help clear Britain's public spaces of graffiti and of over two million pieces of litter that are dropped outdoors each day. The program shows Linda and her squad clean up a Victorian underpass in Redhill Surrey. Volunteers include Cheyza Burch and friend Michele who provide humor and drama in a scene in which they use an industrial-strength jet washer to clean the brick walls of grime. Next she calls in specialists to cover the walls with anti-graffiti paint. After four hundred man-hours of labor the tunnel is re-opened to the public and a crowd of locals praise it highly. Other cleaners assist hoarders around the U.K. to bring tidiness and sanitation into their lives. Denise another obsessive meets Frank an 81-year-old retired aerospace engineer living in Chipping Sodbury. He admits that his home is a deathtrap. The house is so full of filth that Denise is horrified when she steps inside: "If you don't mind me saying this is the worst house I've ever been in in my life." She tells him to throw away all the ancient food in the kitchen as well as any implements that he never uses. When she sees the bathroom the poor woman vomits. However four days later Frank's house is gleaming. 22-year-old hairdresser Adam Cannell is obsessed with symmetry and balance. He volunteers to help Helen who lives in Buckinghamshire with her dog and two cats. She says that life is too short to spend cleaning her house. When Adam enters he is shocked and Helen says "I can tell that you're totally out of your comfort zone." When he finds to his horror that the cats used the carpet as their latrine Helen shrugs it off. Adam asks Helen when the last time was that she saw her bedroom floor and she has to think about it. He asks her whether she gains anything from not throwing old stuff out and she admits "It's a negative gain in that I don't have to cope with throwing things away." But after four days the chaos is gone and Helen's son is amazed during his visit: "I can hear an echo! ... It really does feel twice the size." Helen vows to begin a regular cleaning regime. It's a happy ending for everyone involved.