Yuri make Jeong-Seo being crashed and lose memory even forced Jeong-Seo to engage with Tae-Hwa for 5 years. Jeong-Seo finally found herself and find her love (Song-Joo) but got the most fatal eye cancer like her own mother. Tae-Hwa claim going France but actually suicide to donate his corneas to compensate what Yuri owe Jeong-Seo. Yuri gets into jail TanMira got into mental hospital. Jeong-Seo stayed her life with her Song-Joo but die of eye cancer. 5 year later Song-Joo told Jeong-Seo to wait him in heaven Jealousy from step-sister make Jeong-Seo being crashed and lose memory even forced to engage with her step-brother for 5 year. She finally found herself and find her love but got the most fatal eye cancer. Step-brother claim going France but actually suicide to donate his corneas to compensate what she had been owed. Step-sister gets into jail step-mother got into mental hospital. She stayed her life with her beloved but die of eye cancer. 5 year later beloved told her to wait him in heaven Mina (painter) and Han (Jeong-Seo's father professor) were close friends they decide to make their eldest kid to engage with others' eldest kid. Han got Jeong-Seo and Mina got Cha Song-Joo. Then Song-Joo lost his father. Soon Jeong-Seo lost her mother by eye cancer. Both met when they were both 14. Song-Joo wish Jeong-Seo to go study abroad with himself but Jeong-Seo's stepmother Tan Mira the celebrity stopped Jeong-Seo. 5 year later Song-Joo ask Jeong-Seo to meet in the Lotte World Amusement park. Yuri was drunk use father's car and crashed Jeong-Seo up. Yuri even stole Jeong-Seo's ID card and put into a deceased burnt female so people believe Jeong-Seo already die. Tae-Hwa hide Jeong-Seo into his home lie that she is his fiancée and her real name is "Kim Ji-Soo". Without Jeong-Seo Song-Joo had to take Yuri to New York to study for 5 years. As Song-Joo and Yuri returned from USA Mina become the director of Safe Mall her own company. Song-Joo became the Safe Mall President. Yuri the manager. Kim Ji-Soo (Jeong-Seo) become a fashion designer and met "Song Jae-Hee" and both designers run a shop calling ICARUS. Song-Joo compel the shop closed to make Ji-Soo work with him because Ji-Soo looks like his beloved Jeong-Seo. The project run successful and Song-Joo invite all Safe Mall staff to party. Yuri crash Ji-Soo again and Ji-Soo remember she was really Song-Joo's "Han Jeong-Seo". Tae-Hwa help Jeong-Seo by force Yuri to return everything especially Cha Song-Joo back to Jeong-Seo. Yuri didn't listen ask Tan Mira and make Mina to dislike Jeong-Seo. Jeong-Seo fainted and found herself having terminal eye cancer because of Yuri's car crash which make Jeong-Seo lose memory 5 year ago. Tae-Hwa caught Yuri told her that even if Jeong-Seo forgive Yuri he would never forgive Yuri. Tae-Hwa and Song-Joo keep asking methods to rescue Jeong-Seo from eye cancer but there is really no solution to solve her worst cancer. Jeong-Seo was made to marry Song-Joo by being asked to be the model of Tae-Hwa's gallery. But Tae-Hwa make her to the wedding venue. Yuri and Mira went crazy at the venue but Tae-Hwa and father came out to tell the guests how Yuri's car crash make Jeong-Seo suffering eye cancer. That night the Korean Police arrested Yuri as Yuri walk downstairs. Tan Mira was sent to mental hospital meanwhile. Safe Mall Colleagues visited Song-Joo and Jeong-Seo. Jeong-Seo fainted when singing with Song-Joo. Doctor said that Jeong-Seo is still fine because the cancel cell is smaller than 0.5mm. Tae-Hwa and Song-Joo are both worried of her...Song-Joo ask doctor if he can donate eye to Jeong-Seo but doctor said only dead people can donate corneas. Tae-Hwa plan to make her see again by plan suicide but lie that he will study in France. Tae-Hwa claimed to study in France but actually commit suicide to donate cornea to Jeong-Seo. Song-Joo was totally crazy when he knew Tae-Hwa do that silly stuff ask Jang Ee San Nim to arrange Tae-Hwa's funeral and called Bae-Sil (Tae-Hwa father) to pay the last tribute to his son and even employ Bae-Sil as the Safe Mall Security Guard(Tae-Hwa suicide for Jeong-Seo). Song-Joo and Jeong-Seo meet Mina and arranged the Tae-Hwa charity fund. Jeong-Seo got sick during the banquet that night when picking the 4th sushi. Song-Joo send her to eye hospital found her eye cancer spread to brain already. Jeong-Seo will die sooner. Jeong-Seo cried tell Song-Joo she regret accepting the donation of cornea. Song-Joo told Jeong-Seo it's Tae-Hwa who give his corneas to her. Jeong-Seo decide to be happy without crying but both the couples can't stop. Jeong-Seo got sick very quickly due to the terminal status of her cancer. Jeong-Seo decide to visit Yuri Yuri finally say she regret to Jeong-Seo and Yuri said SORRY when police officer caught Yuri back to jail. Jeong-Seo visit TanMira telling Tae-Hwa's suicide in mental hospital Mira touch her son's eyes and cried. Jeong-Seo (help by Jang Ee San Nim) cooked steak  eat with Song-Joo. both cried. Both Song-Joo and Jeong-Seo went to see Tae-Hwa's gallery which get the special prize. Jeong-Seo ask going to the sea house and finally die near sea - Song-Joo carried Jeong-Seo's deceased body and hide her inside the sea house arranged her funeral.