The good-looking GIORGIO works as an assistant at an academy of art. Giorgio has a close relationship with his mother ANNA who owns a small vineyard out in the country but suffers from the fact that his mother has never revealed the identity of his father. Anna is currently in dire financial straits and in urgent need of a bank loan after a fire at her vineyard. Giorgio wants to help her but that means getting a better-paid job. Everyone loves Giorgio especially women. His best friend is SARA a pretty young student at the academy whom he has known since his childhood. Thanks to his mother's friendship with LORENZO MARETTI head of the famous Maretti fashion firm Giorgio is given the chance to be interviewed for a job by Lorenzo's partner GIOIA # and Giorgio's idea of offering fashion items for sale via the Internet meets with a very enthusiastic response. Gioia and Lorenzo have been living together as a couple for several years and have a daughter CHANTAL. But Lorenzo is married: his wife MARIA is seriously ill and he cannot bring himself to leave her. Giorgio is hired by the Maretti company and is soon on the way to a great career. Soon he spends a passionate night with Sara. Sara is well aware that he prefers to be free and unattached. The situation is very difficult for her but she decides to leave him in peace. When she realizes that she is expecting his baby she decides not to say anything to him about it. Giorgio travels to Germany to hire a model there named HEDRA for the fashion presentation in the Internet. She too starts an affair with him. Meanwhile Sara has given birth to her child and has also become a professional success: she has set up a thriving firm specializing in unusual knitwear. At the same time Chantal contracts leukemia and can only be saved by a bone-marrow transplant. During the search for a suitable donor ideally a blood relative the truth comes to light: Giorgio is Chantal's cousin. His father is none other than Lorenzo's brother MARCO a successful executive who is interested in nothing but his own business deals. Thanks to Giorgio's bone-marrow donation Chantal gets better again. Shortly after this Giorgio sees Sara again # with a child in her arms. He finds out that he is the father. Then he offers to help with the baby but Sara refuses saying she can manage quite well on her own. At work Giorgio is getting competition from NICOLA a young computer science expert whom Hedra hired for the Internet project. One night Giorgio makes love to Gioia # she and Giorgio have been increasingly attracted to one another for some time now. Yet Giorgio knows that Gioia belongs to Lorenzo whose wife has since died. Giorgio feels increasingly dissatisfied with his existence and when Hedra decides she no longer wants to continue working on his project he realizes the time has come to change his life. He doesn't want to turn out like his father who puts freedom above everything else # ending up terribly lonely. He does everything he can to win back Sara whom he has never stopped loving adamant that his child will not grow up without a father. Sara decides to give him a chance....