Two and a half years since a motocross accident left him a paraplegic GABE (22) is living a full life again. He attends university writes articles for a local newspaper works on a novel hits the gym on a regular basis and cruises bars at night with his best mate EVAN. Highly intelligent and brilliant when it comes to writing Gabe makes some extra cash by writing online profiles for other male students to help them score online dates. But when it comes to his own love life Gabe doesn't have much to write about. Despite no shortage of the attention of women Gabe is left embittered and cynical after his long-term girlfriend ended their relationship shortly after the accident. While not opposed to some occasional hook ups Gabe's emotional scars and sense of physical inadequacy prevent him from developing a meaningful relationship with someone he cares about. Meanwhile his best friend and roommate Evan - a swim jock with perpetually sunny attitude falls for a beautiful medical student DARIA whom he meets at a party. Despite his good looks and physical attributes Evan has insecurities of his own: he fears that he is too dumb and inarticulate for smart and sophisticated Daria. Evan enlists Gabe's help to win over Daria's heart using e-mail. In the process Daria falls in love with the hybrid between Evan's body and Gabe's mind. The situation turns complicated when Gabe realizes that Daria might be his soul mate and develops his own romantic feelings for her. Soon he feels torn between his growing feelings for the woman who may have just what it takes to make him believe in love again and his loyalty to his best friend who stood by him in the worst of times. Faced with his conflicted feelings about intimacy which he craves and dreads at the same time Gabe needs to make a decision soon. Is there a happy way to resolve the entangled love triangle that was built on deception? To find the answer Gabe must navigate through his journey of emotional healing and transformation with the help from a diverse array of supporting characters including his tough-love writing instructor RICHARD PRICE the wise-cracking virtual assistant SANJEEP and JAMES JOYCE Daria's lovable but disobedient dog.