Laurita and Lorenzo have what everyone considers "the perfect marriage." He's handsome refined educated rich and he adores his wife. She's beautiful elegant a true society lady: the ideal mate for a man like him. However since not all that glitters is gold there's something wrong with this couple. Laurita is bored with her marriage and this simple fact sparks off a series of events that no one will be able to control. It all begins with the appearance of Alex a young and frivolous opportunist whose principal occupation is seducing rich women by using his job as a "personal trainer" to get close to them. When Laurita meets Alex she feels an overwhelming physical attraction. As she continues to see him at the gym she attends they become friends and eventually passionate lovers. Convinced that she is in love with Alex Laurita makes the difficult decision to leave Lorenzo. But when she speaks to her attorney he reminds her that the prenuptial agreement she signed will leave her penniless if she files for divorce. Crazy about Alex but not willing to give up all the luxuries she is accustomed to Laurita decides to find another solution. The plan is to have Lorenzo be the one to ask for the divorce and voluntarily give her half of his assets. How will she accomplish this? By making sure that he falls in love with another woman. The perfect candidate is Silvia Lorenzo's new assistant a pretty simple and sweet young woman. In cohorts with her best friend fashion designer Giacomo Bonicelli Laurita approaches Silvia offering her an "innocent" friendship and gradually molds her into the kind of woman Lorenzo would be drawn to. Little by little Lorenzo and Silvia begin to feel strongly attracted to each other - but things are not as easy as Laurita expected as Silvia is already in love with Alex her boyfriend of several years. Laurita's scheme becomes even more complicated with the arrival of Isabela Lorenzo's former fiancée who returns from abroad intending to take over Lorenzo's company. Isabela is bitter because Laurita stole her man and now she wants to get back at both of them. On the road to revenge Isabela becomes Alex's lover causing a lot of headaches for Laurita. In time Silvia and Lorenzo acknowledge that a deep true love has flourished between them and Lorenzo finally decides to ask Laurita for a divorce. But now that everything is turning out the way she planned Laurita realizes what she is about to lose so she changes her mind and launches into a fierce war to recover Lorenzo. In the end who will be Lorenzo's woman? Which one will be victorious?