Heer is the story of two lovers after the mythical Punjabi legend of Heer and Ranjhna. It tells their thwarted love and how beautiful Heer and intrepid Ranjhna must fight to reunite in spite of obstacles and enemies. The two lovers belong to opposing tribes/families and villains are out and out to separate them. During a fair where her champion has been tricked Heer is promised to somebody of her clan. The defeated hero wonders in the wilderness and meets with witches who direct him to his beloved. In spite of having fallen from princehood to beggarhood he thus gets back to her and they hope to marry but Ranjhna's enemies are still looking for him and they stalk him. A trap is laid to capture Ranjhna and to stop any further common plan Heer is married to her rightful suitor. She plans suicide but Ranjhna arrives he tries to drag her away but he's seen in her apartments and therefore she's declared impure and is condemned to the dungeons. The marriage takes place in spite of Heer's will. Time passes; Ranjhna the wanderer has become a yogi and winds his way again to Heer's home. She's almost dead but when she hears of him she rises and meets him. But she's been too long deprived of him and has lost her mind: she doesn't recognize him. Shocked she lies down to die. A plan is organized to join the star-crossed lovers: Ranjhna declares he must take Heer to his hermitage in order to pray and revive her. The plan works thanks to a sister in law: Ranjhna prays and Heer resurrects. But again the pair's enemies catch them and once more they are separated and brought in front of the judge who gives Heer to her lawful husband. She is dragged out but during her convoy her own prayer brings fire down on the city and this proves to the King that she was wrongfully married. Alas this won't prove good and Heer's relatives rig another plan to doom her and her lover. She is told to sacrifice herself to save her father whose house is attacked by a mob of angry and manipulated villagers. This time Ranjhna arrives too late and can only hold in his arms the poisoned heroine.