From the city of Zacatecas Florecita takes off on a large trip to the United States with the company of her sister Isela and her grandmother Cleotilde. The girls are going to reunite with their father Ruben and their brothers Rodrigo and Victor that live in Miami. It is a trip filled with dangers and suffrage; the grandmother dies along the way and her granddaughters have to bury her in the desert. The two young women continue their way filled with sadness but without losing hope in finding their father. Finally they get to Miami where they find out that Ruben has fallen in the alcoholism. In Miami there also lives Gabriela the mother of Florecita whom her children believe dead. Gabriela got married again and is now a famous television show host. Without knowing their family relationship mother and daughter will find themselves again. Florecita starts working immediately by selling flowers in the street where one day she meets Julio Alberto and his girlfriend Gloria whom are about to be married. But that same day of the wedding Gloria dies and the heart of Julio Alberto breaks in one thousand pieces. Occasionally he sees Florecita on the street and talks with her for a moment. Little by little the smile of the innocent florist gets into his heart and his life results less empty. The mother of Julio Alberto Rebeca lives with her three sons to expenses of her twin sister Raquel. Both sisters hate each other and Rebeca waits anxiously for the day in which Raquel will die to inherit her fortune. But Raquel will play Rebeca one last evil trick since she knows she suffers from a terminal cancer she decides to give her fortune to the florist. Rebeca gets furious when the testament is read; she will not allow a stranger to steal what she considers is hers and she obligates Julio Alberto to make the young woman fall in love with him. Florecita ingenually believes in him and accepts to be his wife. With diabolic intelligence Rebeca manages to deprives her from everything and without any feelings throws her out into the street. To Florecita Julio Alberto's treason hurts more than the loss of her fortune. She was never rich and never meant to be rich. Decided to not to herself down by adverisities she looks for a job again and finds it as a servant in the house of the Dalmacci family where Jorge the primogenitor is fascinated by the kindness of her soul and falls in love with her. Now Florecita finds herself in a crossroad because Jorge wishes to make her his wife but Julio Alberto has discovered that he really loves her and begs her to come back with him. To which of these two does her heart belong?