Kuala Lumpur: a fast-paced and hectic blend of ultra modern colonial and Asian. On the streets Hijab wearing women street vendors Malay street-smart hipsters Indian white-collar professionals Chinese urban dwellers and Eurasians all bustle against the backdrop of never-ending traffic. Looming above it all the Petronas Towers mesmerizing and unexpectedly graceful with their enormous ribbed spires. Blade runner meets Sinbad. A series of mysterious outbreaks is sweeping through the KL: entire shopping malls inexplicably struck blind multiple incidents of group hysteria heart attacks en mass an entire secondary school comatose. The entire medical community is at a loss for the cause. Only Dr. Lakshmi Arthanayke is convinced there is a correlation between these events. What she will discover is that Natural Source Energy Corp (NSE) has been secretly working to harness the energy of the dream dimension and are nearing a breakthrough. They have discovered the existence of human energy beings and NSE's leader Dr. Adam Eldon believes they are the key to breaking through the rift between the worlds and gaining control of the powerful energy of the Dream Dimension. NSE is tracking these energy beings capturing them and using them to power the vile Optima Capacitor. Their evil experiments are the source of the mysterious outbreaks and Professor Chandra knows NSE is behind the outbreaks. Determined to help the patients that are spilling through the halls of her hospital Lakshmi joins forces with the exiled Professor Chandra and her team and is thrown headlong into a world of mythical villains superheroes shamans spirits and 'energy beings': Malik flawed hero harboring a secret curse Vikram the vicious Oily Man Watti callous 'Pontianak' vampire Aslan outsider and host to a powerful Tiger spirit and Melati the Chosen One. Fighting against the malice of the NSE and their exploitation of the supernatural power source Lakshmi discovers her own unique powers and through learning to access to the 'Dream Dimension' the source of these powers comes face to face with her own nightmares and returns to the waking world to conquer her fears and save Kuala Lumpur and its citizens from total destruction at the hand of the NSE.