Ghostship is based within the CDF universe. The Colonial Defence Force is a futuristic military arm of the humans. It was established and formed to uphold the peace and give security to the Colonial territories. The CDF was to protect Earth and her colonies against alien threats as well as riots and general unrest. Formed in the Year 2189 The CDF has seen almost 200 years of colonial rule and domination. We have explored much of the known galaxy and encountered alien life forms that have threatened human existence. The galaxy is a big place and we have only explored 8% of our own galaxy. After the resource wars on Earth in the late 21st Century humans had no choice but to explore and exploit resources outside their home planet Earth. After 200 years of expansion the humans spanned many solar systems and a number of colonies were formed. Financed by MAG industries the humans slowly spread across the galaxy and encountered the horrors of Deep Space and the unknown. Many forms of indigenous life was found on many worlds and two intelligent alien races have been discovered. The Antarians where a peaceful race and helped us reach new levels of technology we also encountered the Grelem who were a hostile race. The humans managed to prevail after a 60 year struggle of war and dominance. The first and only inter-galactic war humans endured made them stronger and prepared them for a new darkness which was to descend upon the galaxy. The CDF endures today to keep rebellious colonies in line as well as serve as the main defense and security force for Earth and her colonies. Space is one of the most hostile environments known to mankind but in order to survive and evolve as a species we must explore and find new worlds people will one day call home. In CDF Ghostship you play the part of 3 different Characters a pilot an engineer and a marine. You must uncover the storyline and find out what is happening aboard your ship. You start at the end of the Goliath time line as you try and work out what has happened. As you uncover logs and meet survivors you will uncover what has happened as well as create your own storyline from the actions you take in each game.