As a boy Chris Sanders was forced to watch on helplessly when the father he worshiped the astronaut Mathew Sanders was killed in a Soyuz capsule that exploded. What Chris didn't realize was that the accident was only staged to fool the public and hide the real circumstances behind the mysterious "Omega Mission": AEON a vast indefinable mass out in space was coming threateningly close to the earth and had to be destroyed. General Gossett the head of the Omega Project wanted to prevent mass panic by keeping the whole thing top secret. His colleague McBain protested fiercely however and was locked away in a psychiatric clinic. Ten years later Chris himself is an astronaut and has been chosen to go on his first mission to the International Space Station that is orbiting the earth. Shortly before the launch he meets McBain who tells him about the phony accident ten years previously. Chris doesn't believe him but Laura an attractive journalist investigates the matter and actually finds some evidence to support McBain's allegations. Meanwhile Chris is in a shuttle out in space. His first mission turns into a disaster however when McBain takes over a relay station down on earth and uses software to block the shuttle's functions. Chris is in serious danger and is only saved in the nick of time by his friend Nick after a daring rescue attempt. Back on earth Chris travels with Laura to Russia to find out more about the mysterious Project Omega. Just as the two of them are about to solve the mystery Chris is called away to help prevent someone from destroying the International Space Station. Chris immediately realizes that McBain is involved again but this time he's powerless to prevent the catastrophe: a missile destroys the station killing his friend Nick in the process. Chris now realizes that Omega is doing everything in its power to cover something up. On his first mission to the moon he stumbles across a top secret lunar base. Chris realizes he's finally on the point of uncovering the secret of the mysterious Project Omega once and for all ...