One night young David McLean sees a spaceship crash into a nearby sandpit. His father goes to investigate but comes back changed. Where once he was cheerful and affectionate he's now sullen and snarlingly rude. Others fall into the sandpit and begin acting like him: cold ill-tempered and conspiratorial. David knows that aliens are taking over the bodies of humans but he'll soon discover there have been far more of these terrible thefts than he could have imagined. The young doom-monger finds some serious help in a lady doctor and a brilliant astronomer. Soon they meet the aliens: green creatures with insect-like eyes. These beings prove to be slaves to their leader: a large silent head with ceaselessly shifting eyes and two tentacles on either side each of which branches off into three smaller tentacles. It's up to the redoubtable earth trio to stop its evil plans. Little David MacLean has a problem--all the adults in town begin acting strangely shortly after he sees strange lights settling behind a hill near his home. As more and more adults are affected he must turn to the pretty Dr. Blake for protection. Eventually he must confront his fears in the unusual conclusion. David was a normal kids suffering from normal problems. But he had good friends and loving parents. All that is about to change one fateful night as David wakes up and sees a UFO landing just beyond the fence. He awakens his parents his Father thinking it was just a bad dream goes and looks anyway. But when he doesn't return David's Mother calls the Police. He returns the next morning with a lame excuse and a strange mark on his neck. But George is no longer a loving Father he is a top of the line jerk. David begins to feel that the aliens did something to it. When the local Police and his Mother also falls into the alien trap as well as several other people in town. He entrust his secret with a local Doctor. She believes him and together they try to convince others before it's too late. In the early hours of the night young David Maclean sees a flying saucer land and disappear into the sand dunes just beyond his house. Slowly all of the adults including his once loving parents begin to act strangely. All have a telltale injection mark on their neck. Not surprisingly no one believes him until he manages to convince Dr. Pat Blake of the city health department and Dr. Stuart Kelston from the local observatory that something is amiss. They manage to mobilize the army for a confrontation with the invaders.