Lazy Lukins and Fat Perkins are in love with Widow Farmer. Lazy's nickname doesn't appeal to the lady in question as she is of a decidedly industrious character. Lazy is a detective but his ability to ferret out clues is lost upon the widow. She prefers the fat but frugal Perkins who runs the delicatessen store. Nap and Sallie the chimps are Italian street vendors. One afternoon they get into a scuffle and run off leaving the contents of their trays scattered over the pavement. Lazy happens along. He tries to solve the mystery of the trays but finally stops his deductions to gloat over a necklace which he finds among the contents of one of the trays. He decides to forget the mystery in the case and bear his trophy to the fair widow. Meanwhile the chimps have made a raid on the delicatessen to the terror of the customers the widow and Fat Perkins. Lazy comes up but is scorned alike by the widow and Perkins. That evening Lazy endeavors to take the necklace to his love but Fat sees him as he lights a cigar before the delicatessen with the necklace hanging from his pocket. Fat thinks Lazy has been robbing the delicatessen and gains possession of the necklace after a squabble. He then hurries off with the jewelry determining to beat Lazy to the widow with it. Lazy returns home. As he sits brooding he decides upon a scheme which he carries out with the aid of Nap and Sallie. Nap steals a pair of Fat's shoes as he dreams of the widow. Sallie enters the widow's room by stealth and steals the necklace which the widow has put away with kisses. Nap and Sallie meet in the old barn behind the widow's house and the necklace changes hands. Sallie returns to Lazy but Nap takes the necklace and with Fat's shoes on his feet returns to Fat's bedroom where he stuffs the necklace in one of the shoes and leaves. The next morning the loss of the necklace is discovered. The widow is in despair but Lazy comes to the rescue with his detecting paraphernalia and he and the chimps succeed in locating the criminal. The widow refuses to hear Fat's protestations of innocence and her heart turns to the clever detective who has recovered her necklace for her.