Nick and Dan are two autistic teenage boys with magical powers. (The characters are based on the two autistic boys Nick Renino and Daniel Bergmann who wrote and directed the film). On a rainy summer day we find the boys sitting on a rock in Central Park. A pretty girl appears: Mona. Nick uses his wand to provide Mona with an umbrella. Dan shyly approaches her. Because their umbrellas are so big Dan can't get close to Mona. They chase one another around a tree. Finally Nick helps Dan by holding Dan's umbrella. Dan ducks under Allison's umbrella for a quick kiss and she greets him with a slap and some strong words. Using his wand Nick conveys them all backwards in time. The boys appear in front of a school in Manhattan. Meanwhile inside the school Mona and her friend Allison are in the "Cracker Therapy Room." We find the girls lying on an inflatable bed and eating Cheez-it crackers. The Cracker Therapist is somewhat preoccupied and compliments herself on her ability to read the minds of the girls. Allison tells Mona "Even with the crackers I still miss Nick." The Cracker Therapist compliments the girls on the progress they're making in Cracker Therapy. The Cracker Therapist enthuses "Today we used cracker therapy to fix two girls." The girls pull the plug on the inflatable bed and enjoy the gust of escaping air blowing through their hair. Nick and Dan appear sitting on the windowsill of the Cracker Therapy Room. Dan uses the magic wand and says "Tomorrow!" Nick Mona and Allison appear in the living room of an elegant apartment. The teens begin to play a string quartet. Allison and Mona play violin and Nick plays cello. Dan hurries in with his violin scolding them "Don't try to play Bach without me!" The gang open their instrument cases which are filled with garbage and begin hurling garbage at Dan. Dan ends up with a banana peel hanging over his bow. Despite the banana peel Dan tries to play Bach. But the girls are fed up with performing classical music. Allison asks "Can't we go ten minutes without a learning experience?" The girls snatch Dan's violin away from him and he sheepishly sits down. Allison changes the subject to something of more interest to her. She gives Mona a tip on how to kiss Dan. The boys enthusiastically recruit their bows as magic wands announcing "Tonight!" and all four friends magically appear at a rooftop party. The party is filled with their many friends. As everybody dances Nick and Allison give one another a kiss. Dan and Mona give one another a kiss too. The music plays on the couples dance amidst their friends and the sun sets on a magical adventure.