Andre Dufour (15) Andre was born and grew up in Paris France. His mother Jeanne suffers with depression and anxiety disorder but his life was normal until his American father Ryan left the family when Andre was four. Andre never sees him since then. The father moved back to US re-married and have two children with his new wife but his current location is unknown. His mother Jeanne had a couple of relationships after his father left but nothing lasted for more than a couple months. As she continued to fail on relationships she started to rely on Andre as the years went by. She takes him to everywhere she goes and she gets extremely anxious if Andre goes somewhere she doesn't know about or hangs out with people she doesn't know. She relies on him for making important decisions for the household and treats him like an adult man. Andre has been sexually abused by Jeanne since seven. By the time he became ten he realized that his relationship to her mother is not normal. He has a conflicted feeling toward Jeanne. He despises her but he feels obligated to stay with her and care her. He controls his emotions by shutting down and not reacting to his feelings so he appears to be reticent not sociable and not approachable. He has a stealing habit which he doesn't disclose to anyone. Stealing gives him an empowerment and stress release when he feels powerless. He generally hates to be touched and he reacts impulsively violent and reckless when he gets touched. He moved to the U.S. with his mother Jeanne. He had a couple of violent incidents in Paris and expelled from the school. Jeanne is expecting to get a financial support from his American father Ryan and decides to move to the U.S. to find a better environment for Andre and her. Immediately after Andre started the school he caused the fight with other students. Instead of receiving a detention his teacher Alice (31) negotiated with the school principal and offered him to take a private guitar lesson with her to provide a positive experience for him. Through learning how to play guitar and writing songs he started to open up and express his feelings. Alice is the first person who reached out to him and try to understand him. By spending time with her for two days a week in private lessons they became very close. For him Alice looks like sunshine in his messed up life. She is a special person for him. He feels their connection is genuine and desperately wants to pursue her.