The interior of a carpet mill. The girls are at work. The foreman a grouchy looking fellow always ready to find fault picks up the work here and there. He sneers at the girls. One resents his words; he takes her by the arm and scolds her. Gertie another worker in the mill reproaches the foreman for his act. He tells her to go. Now all the girls lay down the work and decide to stand by Gertie. Just then the proprietor's son enters. He asks for the meaning of all this and when told he tells the girls to go back to work and reprimands the foreman for his act. The foreman is furious and swears to get revenge. Trapped. In his office the foreman plans a trap for Gertie. He sends for her and tells her to go to the garret to get some yarn. She takes the key and exits slyly followed by the foreman. Hardly has Gertie entered the garret when the foreman steps in and locks the door. In a fight to gain her freedom she falls. The foreman quickly exits and locks the door from the outside. He then returns to his office as if nothing had happened. Closing Hour. Where Is Gertie? The girls are ready to go home. They find Gertie's hat and coat but where is she? They look for her everywhere except in the garret and at last conclude that she went home. An Unwilling Witness. Gertie in the garret has regained her consciousness. Finding herself locked in she first gives way to tears but soon concludes to look for her release. She finds in a tool box a band saw which she uses to good advantage in sawing the lock out of the door. While running through the stock room she hears steps. It is the foreman who returned to the factory to get revenge on Gertie. He finds the door open the lock on the floor. While opening the door to the stock room the wind blows out his light; he strikes a match lights his lamp and throwing the burning match into a corner filled with chemicals causes an explosion which throws him to the floor whereby he breaks his leg. He drags himself out of the room upstairs but unable to sustain himself caused by the great pain he tumbles unconscious down the steps. Gertie by the glare of the fire takes the extinguisher with which she tries to down the fire. Just then the firemen led by the proprietor's son break through the door and help to extinguish the fire. "You Brave Little Girl. You Saved My Fortune. Will You Share It With Me?" The proprietor's son leads Gertie to the office where she breaks down from nervous strain. He asks the girl whom he always admired to share his fortune which she saved with him. Arm in arm they leave the factory.