A woman richly dressed carrying a well-filled purse and lavishly adorned with jewels stops before a real estate office and looks at a list of "To Let" signs. An evil-looking man passing sees her and shows by his actions that he means to rob. The woman enters the office followed by the man. Inside a bargain is reached and the agent hands his customer a key with a card attached. The robber sneaks up behind reads the address on the card and leaves the office. He lingers outside until his victim appears and starts for the house then hurries on ahead. Arriving at the address he looks about cautiously pries open a window enters and conceals himself in a closet. In due time the lady arrives examines the different rooms and finally comes to the one in which the man is hidden. As she opens the door the man pounces upon her stabs her to death possesses himself of the money and valuables and jumps through the window. He looks around in a frightened manner throws a piece of the woman's waist which was torn in the struggle into the ash can and hurries away. In his haste the murderer drops a watch which a small boy in passing picks up and hurries after the fleeing man. The thief reaches his shanty. The boy notes the building looks about to assure himself that he can return then starts for the police station. Returning to the empty house a rag-picker in Scouring about comes upon the piece of waist thrown away by the murderer. He places it in his bag discovers the open window and climbs through. He comes upon the body of the murdered woman is horror-stricken at the sight and is leaving to inform the authorities when two officers note the suspicious move ask the cause and hustle him inside again. The police find the body and also a portion of the waist torn from the woman in the rag-picker's bag. They call two fellow officers who take charge of the body while they hustle the Italian to the station house. The evidence points to the rag picker's guilt and he is committed to prison. In a few moments the little boy enters the station-house tells his story and hands over the watch. Inside is a photograph of the victim and being satisfied that the murderer is the man who dropped the watch the judge tells the officers to go to the shanty. The boy accompanies them signals the police who enter and overpower the real murderer and drag him away. He is searched and the money and valuables are found upon him. His guilt is fully established and he is sent to prison while the rag-picker is released through the little boy's ability as a detective.