The good people living in the Solax community realizing that they have cause to make merry and celebrate before the advent of a New Year because the Almighty had been so fortunate as to guide their bread-winning footsteps in the direction of the happy atmosphere of the Solax Studio banked together like the big happy family which they are and gave expression to their happiness in the form of a gift to the immediate cause of their good fortune and sunshine. The scenes present a people full of enthusiasm and good cheer. The plot is not a thick one but the execution progresses smoothly and with "spirit." The events took the leading figure entirely by surprise and her emotion and her gratitude brought a lump to her throat. Scene One. The Surprise. Morning. The good people gathered in the studio and unveiled a pedestal and a bronze figure a copy from Rodin. The Megaphone then visited the office of The Cause and waylaid her in the Studio. Then Magda Foy the Solax Kid revealed the secret and then the Megaphone makes it more explicit by expressing the sentiments of the Merrymakers and all concerned. (Loud applause.) Madame overcome with the flattering tribute is unable to speak. Then up spoke Kid Pirate and threatened that she The Cause must herself carry the 200-pound statue home. Scene Two. "Good Spirits." Afternoon. A suspicious noise is heard. Sounds like the sizzling and popping of corks from bottles. The Master of Ceremonies at the head of the mob attacks the Studio. The mob finds the tables set and glasses filled. Sounds of sizzling and bubbling proceed. Telltale tears soon begin to appear in many eyes and lids show an abnormal tendency to droop. Some chuckle and some laugh. All are happy and contented. More speechmaking and applause. (Speech indistinct and incoherent.) Scene Three. Later. Jealousy. A near relative to The Cause and a neighbor of us all was jealous of the aforesaid tribute paid to his kin so in order that he may not be outdone in hospitality invited the mob to invade the sanctified quarters of the Gaumont Company where he showed some wonderful Gaumont productions.