The video is a narrative game reconstructing Lai's own video diaries (1990-2003) and found footage. It plays with the thin line between remembering and fabricating recording and staging documentary and story... It shows 13 women's stories as a network of acquaintances each in an isolated moment of her life. Questions on the practice of auto-ethnography are raised via "the politics of the everyday." The video is a narrative game reconstructing Lai's own video diaries (1990-2003) and found footage. It plays with the thin line between remembering and fabricating recording and staging documentary and story... It subverts causal narrative logic and shows 13 women's stories as a network of acquaintances each in an isolated moment of her life. Questions on the practice of auto-ethnography are raised via "the politics of the everyday." Concept/Artist's Statement: Part of a digital auto-ethnographic video cycle 4748 Moons and 13 Elliptical Years "I Told Them My Camera Was On" is a self-conscious narrative game re-constructing the author's own video diaries and found footage taken between 1985 and 2003 from VHS hi-8 to mini-DV. "I Told" has three inseparable objectives. First the work plays with the thin line between remembering and fabricating recording and staging and document and story. Second the work seeks to subvert mainstream causal narrative logic to bring playful chain-connectivity turning a plot-driven story into a network of acquaintances. Third the video mocks the "standard" narrative of a woman's life-story by inventing a composite story made up of women from diverse backgrounds. Each woman is shown in an isolated moment of her life thus questioning the necessity of an epic approach. Standard theses on cultural differences and identities realities of growing up and growing old etc. become ambiguous. The scratches and jerking lines of the images from older format footage have been preserved to signify the multiple sheets of time-space and the passing away of time. Towards the end of the work the narrative takes on a new style like an organism about to move into a new phase of life. Many questions about image-making and representation have emerged in the process of making this work: early cinema's direct presentational style what it means to write women's history can an individual's life be understood without the illusion of continuity in an epic form? Etc