Masters of Barbering - Online Barbering Education. Learn to cut hair in the comfort of your own home. Considering a career in barbering? Start with Masters of Barbering. Learn how to cut hair from a third generation master barber and his team of experts. The "Executive Taper" Haircut This haircut is one of the most difficult and popular haircuts you will come across. The hairstyle requires the ability to blend from a skin length to a professional length on the top without a weight line. The taper must be kept low so there is enough weight left in the corners for the hair to be combed into place. The client that generally gets this haircut is a young professional that is extremely meticulous. If one hair is out of place they will notice it. When you master this haircut you will have a customer for life. Jermarol Lee grew up in North AugustaSC and as a teenager tired of getting hair cuts that didn't stand out enoughdecided to experiment in cutting his own hair.In the process of showing off his cuts he found himself competing with other talented school mates doing the same. which led to him charging $5 a cut to locals in the neighborhood. The skills he picked up inspired him to enroll in Cosmetology school as a vocation in High school. In 1995 he decided to go to Southern Barber College in AugustaGA. While attending S.B.C he worked in a beauty Salon part time as a Barber/Manager.Upon completion he immediately landed a gig as a barber at the main PX located at FT. Gordon. Years prior he read a book called think and Grow Rich which motivated him to write business plans for his own shop. After working at the main Px for a year he launched his plans and Tobacco Road Barber Shop was on the map in 1997. !5 years later he has successfully trained four apprentices that are now Master Barbers (3 of which now own their own shops)participated in several hair showsstarted an advertising agency in his shop (TRBS advertising) recorded and edited " How to cut the Ultimate Fade" DVD and has employed dozens of barbers over the years. How To Cut " The Ultimate Fade" You will learn: 1.How to give a edge line with a razor. 2. How to cut a bald fade. 3. How to add accents of black dye. 4. How to properly sanitize and disinfect implements. 5. How to charge $20 for a cut.