A tough young fellow is seen prowling aimlessly around the street when he happens to meet a girl who bears the furrows of trouble and sorrow upon her brow. The youth who tries to start a little flirtation but without success becomes curious so follows the unhappy looking young woman and sees her enter different places in search of employment but at each one she is unsuccessful. Finally she gives up in despair and starts for home with the young fellow trailing closely behind her. Arriving at her destination the crestfallen girl enters a poorly furnished room on the ground floor and the curious youth peering through the window at once realizes the cause of the girl's unhappiness for there on a bed lies her sick mother who is waiting for her daughter to return with some money that she might buy some nourishing food. When the young woman comes into the room and is compelled to acknowledge to the sick woman that she is without a cent it nearly has a fatal effect upon the poor old invalid but in her dire distress she has only encouraging words for her unhappy daughter. The young tough whose heart is in the right place wishes as he gazes upon the pitiful spectacle that he was able to assist them but being without money himself he is unable to lend any aid. Determined that he will scrape up a little money somewhere he starts down the street and as he is passing a mansion he notices a ladder leaning against the wall. Becoming curious he climbs up and there discovers a burglar rifling the room. The youth descends to the sidewalk and after removing the ladder he sits down under the window to wait developments. Soon the thief has finished his little job and as he is about to descend he is horror stricken upon discovering that the ladder has been removed. Having no other means of escape he calls to the tough to replace the ladder but the latter who has a keen sense for business strikes up a bargain with the thief and compels him to share the spoils. The thief who is willing to do anything to escape throws down a lot of money to the youth whereupon the latter effusively thanks him and walks away. Coming to the distressed people's home again the tough looks in through the window and finds that the sick woman is alone and asleep so quietly climbing in he puts the money in the invalid's hand and is just about to make his departure when the unhappy girl enters. The latter is greatly surprised to find him there but after a hasty explanation he convinces her that his mission is well meant. The proud girl refuses to accept the money and hands it back but just at that juncture the landlady enters with her bill for the rent. The youth soon puts her anxiety at rest for he hands the amount due and gives the rest to the sick woman who with her daughter shower him with their blessings as he beats a hasty retreat.