The Nature Fakirs were first introduced at the Ananias House the headquarters of the Ananias Club from which are proceeding a number of the gentry of the club followed by an old professor and his assistant. Upon their entry into the group they are greeted cordially. The secretary of the club is called forth to read a series of resolutions which have been drawn up in favor of the professor and then the professor is presented with a camera. The professor and his assistant then start for the wilderness. They have not proceeded far before they come to a barn and are interestingly examining the fauna growing on the outside of the barn. While they are in conversation as to the qualities of it there appears upon the scene an enormous chicken-like creature termed a "Dingbat." After attracting the attention of the professor and his assistant he goes through a series of hornpipe dances in which the onlookers join. It is too important a matter to let such an interesting occasion pass therefore the assistant prepares his camera and is proceeding to focus to get a photograph of the "Dingbat" when he attacks the assistant and the professor and they are soon on their knees begging for mercy; the "Dingbat" then vanishes into the barn again. Proceeding on their way they come to a place which they have selected for their camp and with fire burning they make preparations for their meal. They sit down by the fire and are busy examining specimens of insects and butterflies which they have taken in their rambles. Then Mr. Bear comes up and introduces himself to the assistant and the assistant in turn introduces Mr. Bear to the professor and after the proverbial bear hug he joins them at their meal. At the conclusion of which they proceed to leave his Bearship in possession of the camp. His Bearship hastens their departure by taking up a rifle and firing it. Following their journeys through the wonderland of nature they come upon an Elkorina and two Dandy Lions: The Dandy Lions proceed to milk the Elkorina and to drink the lacteal fluid in which interesting position they are discovered by the professor and his assistant. This interesting fact the assistant proceeds to photograph for his records. After such a day's adventures they prepare their report and hasten away to the president at Lobster Bay whom they find hard at work in the hay field. The president after reading such nature faking as described is intensely amused and ridicules their report which he ultimately tears up. Then with his pitchfork he chases such candidates for the Ananias Club out of the hay field!