Scene 1: Here comes the Bride and Groom down Pelham avenue in their touring car stopping at the Concourse entrance where "Deary" politely inquires the way while "Lovey" looks sweetly on. Scene 2: Now they are whirled into Concourse Court the main entrance to the largest Zoological Gardens in the world. Before them spreads a beautiful Italian garden. After leaving instructions with their chauffeur they start to ascend the broad stone steps which lead up to Baird Court. Scene 3: And here they are lost in the crowd which collects around the band stand of a Sunday afternoon lost with the thousands of pleasure seekers that have come to wander over these 264 acres of land made beautiful by the hands of man. Scene 4: When next we see them at close range they are standing before the largest flying bird cage in the world. Scene 5: Here the birds of the water and the birds of the air are collected from all quarters of the globe from the great white heron to the scarlet ibis of South America these birds are given a section of nature's own domain. Scene 6: Here is shown the California sea-lion or bark sea-lion as it is generally called one of the most wonderful and intellectual animals that inhabit the waters. Scene 7 shows the white polar bear and the most showy animal of all the bear species. It is also one of the wonders of nature in its ability to live in ice cold water often swimming in a sea of ice and defying all attacks of King Frost in the frozen north. Scene 8: While at the bear den we have a beautiful panoramic view of our friend Bruno who must be a half-brother to the famous teddy bear of the children's world. Here in these wonderfully constructed dens are to be found over 23 different species of the bear including the grizzly bear of the north and west the everglade bear of Florida and the glacier bear of the Alps all full of life in captivity always playful and ready to amuse the thousands who view them; and from the glimpse we get now and then of the Bride's face one can easily tell that she too is enjoying Bruno in his beautiful home. Scene 9: A short distance from the bear den may be found what is known as the "Jungle Walk" a long shady walk through a dense forest of trees under overhanging branches. One may always trust two lovers to find a shady spot away from the maddening crowds. Scene 10: Snakes are unpleasant yet intensely interesting creatures to gaze upon; and no wonder since their history extends back as far as the beginning and fall of man. One cannot gaze upon these reptiles without feeling both horror and intent interest. Scene 11: It is with a sigh of relief that one turns away from the serpent to that noble animal the lion King of the Forest. Here again is given a complete panoramic view of the out-door cages of lions tigers leopards and jaguars among which are the finest specimens of these species of animals in captivity. Ferocious in the extreme yet not without majestic grandeur and exquisite grace these lords of the forest pace up and down their steel wire-bound cages licking their jaws in anticipation of the noonday meal which their keeper is giving them. At the extreme end of the cages Sultan King of the Forest is held prisoner. This royal captive is the finest and noblest animal of its kind in captivity. Scene 12: Now we have an ample view of Sultan in his royal anger and ferocious rage as he paces to and fro in the confines of his cage emitting that deep and awful hunting growl that strikes terror and fear to the heart of the African hunter in the still watches of the night. Scene 13: Again the camera has succeeded in catching this royal monarch in his laziest mood basking in the sunlight and drowsily yawning time away dreaming perhaps of some far off forest glade deep in the heart of darkest Africa. Scene 14: Of all animals that take the prizes in the beauty contest for extreme ugliness the hippopotamus stands pre-eminent in every respect both in bulk and grossness. His dainty mouth looks like a small-sized tunnel. As he opens his jaws to receive food one has a fine view of his dental auxiliaries. He swallows a large head of cabbage with the same ease that a human being would a few grains of sugar. Scene 15: Just pause for a few moments before the outside cage of the chimpanzee. Here we catch a glimpse of pleasure on the Bride's face and amusement on that of the Groom while they view these two chimpanzees "August" and "Baldy." Now we are presented a much closer view and the contrast between man and monkey comes forth in bold relief. When the Bride takes "Baldy" in her arms and holds him as though he were a child one fully realizes Darwin's theory of the missing link which might well have been inspired by just such an example of affection and human interest as is expressed in this scene. A very humorous contrast is presented when the keeper takes "Baldy" by the hand for a walk. Not only does the little animal take the greatest pleasure in his walks with his keeper but will sulk for a half day at a time should his keeper neglect that bit of daily attention. Scene 16: It was just as they were about to enter the bird house that the first awful separation happened in the lives of this "all too happy" pair. Intently interested in all there is to see or hear the young Bride pauses a moment to view some animal in a nearby cage while the Groom unconscious of her absence from his side passes on into the building. Suddenly the bride discovers she is all alone! Scene 17: As she hastens through the bird house in search of the missing husband a gallant who has been watching her follows. Scene 18: Meanwhile the terrified husband darts hither and thither in quest of his dearest one. Scene 19: Rushing through the elephant house in search of her lost one little "bridey" does not notice that "Jumbo" is fast bearing down upon her with a bale of hay in his trunk until she is suddenly confronted by the four-footed monster. No wonder she is only too eager to find protection in the arms of our waiting gallant who does not hesitate to improve the opportunity which has fallen his way. Scene 20: We have now before us four specimens of the finest African elephants two of which are twins. The smaller one of the group which appears to be a baby elephant is no other than a dwarf elephant and could well be called the father of the lot. Scene 21: This picture exemplifies the truth of the statement that the elephant has a wonderful intellect and can be more rapidly trained than any other animal in captivity. Scene 22: That he may be well trained to do whatsoever his keeper wills is shown by the friendly terms on which the man and beast associate with each other. Scene 23: The little scene that takes place at the telephone shows the quick perception of the elephant and his docility in the hands of a careful trainer. Scene 24: Again we catch a glimpse of the lost Bride and her gallant admirer before the cage of an exquisite specimen of the Grevy zebra which was captured at Masilande East Africa. Scenes 25 and 26 show large pictures of the American buffalo and give one a splendid opportunity to see what may shortly be known as an absolutely extinct animal. Scene 27 gives us a glimpse of those strange beautiful creatures the Nubian or three-horned giraffes. These two giraffes were brought to this country at the cost of no less than $5500. Standing as they do nearly 15 feet in height the strange positions they are forced to take while eating off the ground are interesting to observe. The giraffe is the most gentle member of the animal kingdom. Scene 28: Apparently oblivious of her loss the fair young Bride is enjoying the companionship of her gallant when suddenly "hubby" appears on the scene and all said is forgotten. One fond embrace and without so much as a "Thank you sir" the Bride sails away on the arm of her fond husband while the bold gallant swears that woman is false and fickle as she is fair.