Marine Sergeant Bob Lansing has just completed a tour of duty in the Pacific and is off to study at the Officer's Academy in Annapolis if he passes the entrance exam. He soon finds out that his younger brother Jimmy Lansing just recently made sergeant as well will also be taking the exam with him. The Lansing brothers are hard working and patriotic military men and both deserve to be accepted into the Academy but they learn there is only one spot available. As entrance into Annapolis is dependent both on their exam results and their record they are encouraged by the base colonel to enter into a friendly rivalry for the three weeks on the base prior to the exam. They also enter into a friendly rivalry for the affections of Penelope Hayworth the admiral's daughter. The more gregarious Jimmy believes he has the upper hand in the latter competition if only because of his more outgoing nature. Ultimately both Bob and Jimmy have to decide if being an officer getting Penelope or brotherly loyalty is most important. This short film with 'Dennis Morgan (I)' (qv) is a pre-war (for the US anyways) recruitment poster for the US Marine Corps. Two brothers both Sergeants vie for the sole place available to them at the US Naval Academy. They also for the attention of the Admiral's pretty daughter. In the meantime the brothers tend to their duties training new recruits. Two Marine sergeants - older brother Bob and younger brother Jim - are competing for a single opening at the academy to follow in their father's footsteps as an officer. Bob's a steady guy Jim' a little more outgoing. As they prepare for the academy exam we watch them on the rifle range on the football field and at a victory dance where each has a hankering for the same woman the daughter of an admiral. Bob overhears Jim ask her if she'd be his steady gal; he ducks out of earshot before she answers. Who will do the best job on the exam and get the coveted place at the academy? Does the brothers' friendly rivalry reflect the Marines' core values?