That William is the pampered son of a very wealthy father and devoted mother is a fact that is well known to the neighbors and also to the members of his club. His chief aspiration in life up to the opening of the picture was in following the line of least resistance. His energy was mostly exercised in sleeping as much as possible a fact that his father forcibly realized on his return home one day when Willie was peacefully sleeping on the sofa while his mother and sister calmly watched him. At last the old man's wrath was wrought up to the point where he tells his on in plain English that he must do something and Willie taking the tip decides to go to Cuba and raise tobacco. He is laughed at by all for the suggestion but William's heart is set upon showing that he is worth something after all. On his arrival in Cuba he at once proceeds to investigate the tobacco industry in all its branches from the ground up to the mouth as it were. He visits vast tobacco plantations asks all sorts of questions and then taking himself to a tobacco factory inspects the manufacture of "The Queen's Herb" into cigars but poo Will here meets his Waterloo in a pair of laughing eyes whose looks riddle his heart and shatter for the time all thought of his noble resolve. Little Marcadies the factory girl leads him a merry chase. At last he induces her to dine with him and he poor William finds that pride comes before a fall. By the co-operation of Marcadies' Cuban lover Willie is deprived of his money in a clever way and when the bill falls due for the repast William finds he is penniless in so far as he knows and the sad awakening comes of the tobacco raising inspiration when he finds himself in jail and sentenced to hard labor. But when his lost money is restored to him he makes a triumphant entrance into his home decked in all the paraphernalia of a typical Cuban planter. His father's pride and his mother's and sister's love know no bounds and Will is considered a great success in life. His father presents him with a substantial check for his tobacco raising enterprise. This proves to Will's mind that he never was made for a planter but a modern business financier.