National Motocross Championships in the 125cc 250cc and 500cc divisions. In the two years leading up to 1990 Jean-Michel Bayle served notice that he could win indoors or out and on any sized bike. He won 125 250 and 500 Nationals as well as a handful of AMA Supercross mains within the first calendar year of his U.S. campaign. So when he put a stop to embittered teammate Jeff Stanton's championship winning streak at two with a resounding AMA Supercross Championship Stanton seemed to begrudge not only Bayle's seemingly effortless natural ability as well as his close friendship with Honda team manager Roger DeCoster. There was also an issue with the fans. This was the era of the first Gulf War and the announcers in the AMA Supercross series fanned flames of resentment towards the foreigner by simply being over-the-top pro-American in their race calls. JMB used the abrasive booing for motivation and that made the fans boo him even more. Not a great moment for anyone including Stanton and Bradshaw both of whom seemed to get pulled into it simply because they were American heroes. Jean-Michel Bayle's takeover of American Motocross in 1991 was a shocker but his motivation for the 1992 season was just as surprising. At about the same time JMB was getting the number one plates bolted onto his 1992 Honda CRs he announced that he would quit motocross and supercross at the end of the season and embark on a road racing career for 1993. Even for the enigmatic Bayle this was crazy! Indeed JMB did not have the same motivation for dirt bike racing in 1992 while his Honda teammate Stanton showed up leaner meaner and determined to get the titles he lost in '91 back. But both of them would soon have to take a back seat to Team Yamaha's Damon Bradshaw who was coming of age in his third year in the 250 class. Bradshaw won five SX races in a row early in the '92 Camel Supercross campaign while Stanton and Bayle were struggling on their new Hondas which were totally revamped from the previous year's models. But Bradshaw crashed away his entire points lead at Indianapolis and let the Honda boys back in the hunt. What followed was a nip-and-tuck battle for the supercross points lead between the three with Bayle showing occasional inspired glimpses of his '91 form Bradshaw riding aggressively (which was good at times and bad at others) and Stanton staying in the hunt in his typical workman form.