Unleash Your Inner Athlete with New "FIT AS A PRO" Workout DVDs From Olympic Medalist Lauren Sesselmann Professional soccer star Lauren Sesselmann firmly believes "Everyone is an athlete in their own way." Her own athletic training has taken her to the 2012 Olympics and gained her professional status. Now she wants to share her favorite workouts with anyone looking to up their own fitness game and get into their best shape possible. I've been a professional soccer player for the last 5 years and I've had the phenomenal opportunity to play all around the world at the highest level of performance and competitiveness. After being awarded at the Olympics I felt incredibly inspired to share my very own training program and help everybody from busy moms to fitness professionals to achieve their ultimate fitness goals. On my DVDs you'll find everything you need to work your entire body in only 10-minute circuits getting an up-close-and-personal training session with me. Then take a look into some tips for a healthy lifestyle that will change your life for the better! About the DVDs I put special effort on making sure these workouts are designed for anyone regardless of their fitness level. Wherever you find yourself in SMALL SPACES or just ANYWHERE with no equipment needed you can do them at your own pace and ALWAYS get guaranteed results. "Fit as a Pro: Five 10-Minute Full Body Workouts " Includes a full body workout that may be done with nothing more than a water bottle. The other menu options are a cardio and agility workout (a jump rope is optional) jumping abs and towel circuits plus warm up and cool down. The Pilates-inspired ab workout is done on the floor and works the core from every angle. The towel circuit involves challenging gliding moves done with washcloths on a bare floor. "Fit as a Pro: Five 10-Minute Full Body Workouts for Small Spaces" Is designed to work just about anywhere - a bedroom hotel room; many moves are even cubicle-friendly. The options include two equipment-free total body workouts a barre-inspired chair workout a pillow workout a boot camp-style cardio circuit plus the warm up and cool down.