A psychological thriller; Mace Sowell an ex-intelligence operative and whose past government activities catches up with him faces his own mortality in the shape of the onset of Alzheimer's disease. Holding the electronic key to secret information which implicates a Presidential front-runner Mace struggles for his life while battling the debilitating effects of the disease. Mace Sowell (Stewart) is a former DIA operative now retired. His old boss from the Defense Intelligence Agency - Thomas Michelmore - is now a prominent politician running for President and Mace is concerned because he is in possession of potentially-damning evidence against the man. Fearing that Michelmore will try to eliminate both him AND his evidence Mace retreats into his fortified home leaving it only to see his psychiatrist a Dr. Simons and even then only when heavily disguised. The evidence itself is placed onto a server in his home that will automatically mail the evidence out to all major news outlets unless Mace resets it every 24 hours with his password. Having been very secretive about his career with the DIA it becomes evident that even his own daughter doesn't believe much of his stories. She instead believes that her father is suffering from the onset of dementia. - such as Alzheimer. For Mace the line between reality and baseless fantasy becomes further and further blurred throughout the film. The daughter hires a caregiver for her father - a young woman named Andi Travers. Andi and her new charge have an antagonistic relationship at first with Mace not trusting her and her disregarding Mace as simply a demented old man. Mace hopes that he can convince his daughter or Dr. Simon or Andi or even the pool-boy that there is something going on and that he is a target for a DIA hit squad. Nobody believes him of course because of the dementia and Alzheimer. However it soon becomes apparent to Mace that not only is he correct - he's the target now. And the instrument of his destruction may just be the woman he's grown to trust and love more than any of them....Andi Travers.