Over 300 people are believed to be held hostage in a Boeing 747 enroute from Sydney Australia to Los Angeles California. The plane under command of veteran pilot Captain John Prescott is two hours from land; however early reports suggest that a biochemical device hidden onboard the plane is timed to detonate within the hour. The device believed to contain a nerve gas ten times deadlier than the Sarin gas released in a Tokyo subway in 1995 is reported to be tied to a countdown trigger with less than an hour remaining. Apparently disguised within passenger carry-on luggage the bomb seems to have been planted not by a political terrorist but by a madman acting in hopes of revenge. Alerted to the man's presence in Australia both governments have begun the chase. The American FBI present in Australia for security preparations in advance of the upcoming 2000 Olympic Games have dispatched agents to work in collaboration with Australian police forces. Details at this point are unofficial but sources indicate that the suspect's general whereabouts are known and that active pursuit is currently in process. The world is holding its breath in hopes that the pursuit will be successful in time to save the lives of the 300 passengers currently at the mercy of a madman. Shortly after a plane leaves Australia going to the U.S. a note is found saying that there's bomb on board. The Captain talks to the woman whom the note is addressed to who says that the one who left the note is her ex-husband who's been following ever since she remarried. They find the bomb which is in a music box. The Captain talks to a bomb expert via radio who tries to help him disarm it. An FBI agent who is in Australia to help with security for the upcoming Olympics learns about what is going on and that the Australian police have been asked to find the man. They find where he was staying and discover he's not bluffing he actually built a bomb and that he also placed a biological weapon in it. So they try to find him to see how it can be disarmed.