The story starts at the dawn of the new millennium. A man called Knock-Knock has just lost his parents in a fire that devastated the family house. Eager to move away from his frightening past he moved inside a big house in North London. The house used to be inhabited by a family of thirteen who mysteriously disappeared. When he was living in the house a few events started to unfold; events that will terrify him already traumatized by the death of his parents. Everyday he will confide a report of the events to a website the Y2K Diary. North London England first November 1999. A guy nicknamed "Knock-Knock" moves into his new home. After a few months living in that house he became immersed with an omnipresent sentiment that more people are living in the house. After a year he discovers that a family of fourteen was slaughtered in an old underground bunker buried underneath the house's cellar. At the dawn of the millennium when you're alone and there is no one to turn to there is only one option: interact with other users through a search engine the Y2KDiary.net in search of answers in different locations and different time-zones from the past present and the future. The action revolves around the thoughts; the anguish and desperation of the main protagonist: Knock-Knock. Following the excruciating death of his parents and brother in a fire that devastated the family home he seeks a new life in a new town near a big forest. There in North London he is the only tenant in his house but discovers that there have been many tenants before and they all died in agonizing circumstances. He is confiding his thoughts and discoveries to a website in search for help. The Y2K File story a frightening debilitating story in itself is also a metaphor for all the legalized and horrendous crimes currently happening in our society. Although the film is set in England the story can relate to any societies in the world. It's the story of a vengeful monster and cannibal organized within a defined framework who kidnap torture and kill.