Since the age of 11 Jeremiah has had an unknown gift. An 11th birthday present that he was unaware of Jeremiah could see through to a parallel world which too many only exists in book and stories. The ability to see the paranormal world is what sets Jeremiah apart from those around him. So he begins his journey continually seeking spiritual help as a weapon to fight the battle against evil. Since the age of 11 Jeremiah has had an unknown gift. An 11th birthday present that he was unaware of Jeremiah could see through to a parallel world which to many only exists in book and stories. The ability to see the paranormal world is what sets Jeremiah apart from those around him. So he begins his journey continually seeking spiritual help as a weapon to fight the battle against evil. 13 months was the time that the script took to write. Remembering all those paranormal events that were part of my life was a fantastic experience. Details that only acquired depth after writing. Two entirely different worlds (physical and spiritual) that met had the overwhelming power of completely changing my life. Believe it or not the Spiritual World is real. Jeremiah an 11 year old teenager lived a very normal life together with his family in the city of London England. One day coming back from school he heard his mother (Helena) crying in the bathroom. Worried about the situation the little boy asked what was happening and his mother explained that her best friend Kelly had been mocking her. This created hatred in his heart and once alone in his room he unleashed all his fury on a doll wishing it to be his mother's friend. On the other side Kelly received all the negativity sent by Jeremiah and ended up fainting and being taken to hospital. After hearing his mother speaking about the incident that had happened to Kelly Jeremiah regretted what he had done and immediately threw the doll away. Unaware to Jeremiah this created a big a problem for himself as the demon started up a plan to use him to destroy people's lives. The furious demon starts to show up to Jeremiah in the form of a shadow and it left him in a state of shock and confusion. This is where his journey on the pursuit for clarification on what he was experiencing starts to discover the reason for that encounter and how to fight it. A feature film based on real facts which came to pass in the life of the Filmmaker Emerson Pinheiro. Emerson's words: 13 months was the time that the script took to write. Remembering all those paranormal events that were part of my life was a fantastic experience. Details that only acquired depth after writing. Two entirely different worlds (physical and spiritual) that met had the overwhelming power of completely changing my life. Believe it or not the Spiritual World is real.