When Slash Keaton is called to investigate a case of illegal alien transportation. They are drawn into the underworld of sex drugs/ violence and human trafficking on Miami's South Beach. The television series shows organized crime as it unfolds in the underworld. Miami Nights uncovers an underground network which provides the production of false identity documents and counterfeit currency for the transportation of human trafficking. This development of specific skills which is referred to as 'artisan' work is performed within the (Bondar) Russian mob. The sole purpose of the Bondar operations is human trafficking throughout the world. Vitali Dymochenka the head of the Russian Bondar becomes incensed when Slash and his Homeland security team threatens to expose the bribery corruption and illegal operations of the Bondar. Miami Nights takes you into the belly of the beast exposing how corruption and crime embeds itself with corporations family businesses Politicians and Corporate networks and rogue nations. Slash Jack and Kala attack the unlawful activities of some of the nation's wealthiest and most powerful men who are deeply involved with the mob and who profit from their relationship with the Bondar and the war on terror. Vitali Dymochenka decides to put a stop to the onslaught by Slash and his Homeland Security Team. From there on mayhem and anarchy ensues. Slash is so enraged he declares a personal war on the Bondar. Miami Nights is a high action television series that takes no prisoners. As the viewer enters into the underworld of the mob they become exposed to the harsh reality of organized crime and its infrastructure. Starting with the complicity of agencies that assist in obtaining visas for mob bosses and the individuals engaged in the human trafficking. The bribery of ship captains truck drivers and border control officials. Showing the details of the operations once the destination has been reached persons in charge of procuring employment receive the smuggled individuals. Taking them to the workplace and selling them to the highest bidder receiving money for each person. Miami Nights starts with those responsible at the local level all the way to the officials who facilitated the transport. The scenarios in the show links the association between organized crime and human trafficking as it becomes a complex and dynamic issue that changes in relation to political social and economic circumstances crossing geopolitical lines. Caught between the crosshairs of organized crime is a reckless out of control Homeland Security detective who would stop at nothing to exact his revenge. WELCOME TO... MIAMI NIGHTS Bienvenidos a la noches de Miami