12 DAYS An alcoholic police photographer gets involved in the hunt for killer UNSUB and discovers the killing calendar is The 12 Days of Christmas. Realising his burnt-out detective girlfriend is involved who then disappears he must find her and UNSUB. A power strike plunges bankrupt New Glasgow into darkness unleashing record crime and slaughter. A corpse is found trussed like a Christmas turkey and burnt-out Homicide Detective Katherine Merrick quits. After UNSUB taunts the swamped police they ask Merrick's lover police photographer and computer savvy Ryan to help hunt UNSUB... Cadavers pile-up organs swapped like sex-changes. Ryan believes UNSUB isn't a serial killer and he's mocked by detectives. But when the killer calls Ryan he realises he was wrong. And begins to suspect UNSUB could be Merrick... Ryan discovers that UNSUB killed every day from December 27th leading to Child Welfare but overwhelmed boss Doran can't help. And Ryan has a wild theory. Turkey Dinner Man two pairs of brass cuffs held by a fifth. Five golden rings? The 12 Days of Christmas? Then Ryan links a Welfare case to an unsolved double homicide and an address and tells Merrick. She acts strangely and Ryan wonders what she's covering up. Then UNSUB slays a reporter for insulting Ryan and he accuses Merrick of knowing the killer which she denies. Then Ryan discovers Welfare's Doran lived at the unsolved murder address and confronts Merrick again. She begs him to quit and Ryan knows continuing could implicate her. But New Glasgow desperately needs help so he must finish it... On TV to draw UNSUB out Ryan announces the case will be solved by January 6th twelve days after the first murder. Then Ryan discovers Doran and Merrick shared the unsolved murder address and Merrick confesses. Doran was a close friend she helped as a rookie cop after she killed her parents who made him get a sex-change to abuse her as a girl. Ryan realises UNSUB is Doran and his victim pool is the worst child sex abusers at Welfare. He goes home to confront Merrick and finds she's been snatched. He races to the unsolved murder address and there a shrine to Merrick... Doran recalls her abuse then a bombshell. Merrick. She was horrifically abused worse every Christmas like depraved Christmas presents. Doran explains the corpses are sexually screwed-up replica dolls of Doran gifts for Merrick for helping her escape. As police arrive Doran reveals her final gift. 'Uncle' Merrick's childhood abuser. Doran herself is the 12th Day and leaps to her death. Merrick kills 'Uncle' then she and Ryan quit. They want to make a difference and continue Doran's work at Welfare...