High-profile defense attorney Melissa Eco is determined to change her image from the "lawyer to go to when you're rich and guilty and want to beat the system." So she takes on the charity case of a client who's a homeless hard-luck teenager and she believes innocent of murder. When Melissa learns her defendant may in fact be guilty she also discovers he's seduced her daughter and is using her as a ploy to save himself. Cleveland-based high profile defense attorney divorced Melissa Eco is renowned for getting celebrity clients off on sexual assault/rape charges despite most of those clients probably being guilty as charged. She begins to have remorse for what she is doing especially in the message it sends to her impressionable teenaged daughter Abby Eco who is always getting into trouble in her rebellion. In reality Abby is impressed by anyone other than her mother whose control over her she believes is to mold her in her own image. Melissa seeks out a case of an "innocent" to turn the reputation of her practice around to protecting the rights of the marginalized. The case she finds is that of a homeless young man named Greg Milles charged along with his drug addict friend Dennis Brunner of the murder of seventeen year old Brittany Hollingsworth the daughter of wealthy Richard Hollingsworth in what was supposed to be a simple B&E. Greg claims he had nothing to do with the murder that he stayed in the car while Dennis broke into the house when he killed Brittany who was not supposed to be home. Melissa believes she can play Greg as a victim of the system where his rap sheet of petty non-violent crimes is a result of the system failing him. After Melissa is well ensconced into Greg's case including getting him remanded on house arrest in the home of his only relative his Aunt Lynette Pritchard Melissa begins to suspect that Greg is not as innocent as he portrays himself to be. By this time Melissa learns that Abby has been secretly hanging around Greg and his friends. Melissa has to figure out a way to protect herself and Abby from Greg especially as Abby doesn't listen to her and as Greg seems to have unknown friends in many corners of the system who believe they owe him.