On her son David's second birthday Madge Black witnesses her best chum Nan Westland kissing Jeffrey Arnold Black her husband a successful lawyer. Madge orders Nan from the house. Angered Jeffrey does not explain that it is his money which maintains the home and not her father's as Madge believes. Jeffrey leaves his wife and son. On board a westbound train Jeffrey meets Nan. She explains that she has been compromised and that she is going away to hide. Touched by her apparent sorrow Jeffrey tells her that though he doesn't love her he will try to protect her. In love with him Nan is willing to accept him on any terms. A year later a son is born to Nan and Jeffrey. She pleads with him to divorce Madge and marry her for the sake of their child William's name but he will not hear of it. Ben Richardson Jeffrey's client is a frequent visitor at their home. Richardson's sincerity eventually wins Nan and goaded by Jeffrey's indifference she leaves him and their child to become Richardson's wife. Twenty years later David Black has developed into a splendid specimen of manhood while his half-brother William has become the leader of a lawless band. David goes west to take charge of a mining plant. Happily married Ben Richardson and Nan have become owners of Chanceland a gambling house in Colorado. "Rodeo" as William Arnold is known goes to Chanceland to try his luck but he loses all his money. He sees Nan in the music room adjoining and eager to make an impression on her he saunters in. When Nan asks his name he says they call him "Rodeo the bandit." His real name William Arnold son of Jeffrey Arnold from whom he had run away at fourteen. Never knew his mother; he guesses he'd better be going or he'd get sentimental. Not revealing her identity Nan presses a ring into his hand and tells him to come to her if he should be in trouble. Believing that he has surely "caught" the Queen he strolls out. In the same town his half-brother David Black is working on his mining schemes. In the doorway of Chanceland "Rodeo" passes David Black and both are struck by the remarkable resemblance to each other. David receives a telegram from Kathleen May his fiancée asking him to meet her at the train which is to arrive the next morning. That night "Rodeo" and his men hold up the train. While "Rodeo" is relieving the passengers of their valuables the conductor leaps on him and the bandanna which concealed the bandit's features is torn away revealing him to Kathleen. She believes him to be David. The bandit effects a getaway. When David comes to get Kathleen the next day she snubs him and walks past him. Ben Richardson's servant sees "Rodeo" and his men dividing the plunder and reports to Richardson. The latter intimates to Nan that the young fellow she was interested in is suspected of a number of crimes. She realizes that her son is in danger. Disconsolate David tries to find solace in Chanceland where he is arrested on the charge of robbing the mails and holding up the train. Deciding on a bold stroke "Rodeo" goes to see Nan. She discloses herself as his mother and pleads with him to be careful for as soon as the prisoner proves an alibi the sheriff will be after "Rodeo." Hearing Richardson she pushes her son into her bedroom. Richardson suspecting that Nan is hiding her lover dashes into the room and fires at "Rodeo " "Rodeo" is taken to court where David is being tried for the bandit's crimes. Nan confesses to Richardson that "Rodeo" is her son and hastens to court. Also in the courtroom are Kathleen and Madge David's mother. The presiding judge is Jeffrey Arnold Black father of the prisoner. When "Rodeo" is brought in a dramatic scene ensues during which the two half-brothers face each other. Nan embraces her wayward son while he bewails the fact that he had found his mother only to lose her and draws his last breath after vindicating David. A tender reconciliation follows between Madge Jeffrey and their son David. Richardson seeks and obtains Nan's forgiveness for his suspicions of her. David and Kathleen May embrace and then discuss their hopes of a little cottage for two.