Morrell and his henchmen are after the money miner McCall is returning with. They set a trap but Cheyenne Harry breaks it up. When the Sheriff finds Cheyenne with the money he is jailed. Morrell learns the money is at the Sheriff's house and grabs and flees. But Cheyenne has broken out of jail and gives chase. Cheyenne Harry and his horse "Sonny" come to Ghost Town where old Dan McCall former discoverer of the Royal Flush mine has found a new paying streak of gold. Crooks Ed Morrell Blackie Hawkes and Gannon select the derelict town as a good operating base. McCall returns from Soledad with loan money to work the mine and is ambushed by Morrell and his gang. Cheyenne hears the shots and rides to the rescue and finds McCall wounded and takes the money. His pursuers and ambushers come up and search the body supposing him to be dead. Finding no money they raise an alarm claiming McCall was robbed and murdered by a highwayman. Sheriff Blair arrests Cheyenne on suspicion as he has the money on him. When Jane the sheriff's daughter brings him food Cheyenne escapes by a clever ruse. The sheriff has taken the money to his house to be guarded by young Bud Ellis but Morrell and his gang surprise him and take it. Cheyenne makes friends with Bud and explains that McCall is very much alive and he has him hidden in the mine. Bud goes to aid McCall followed by Morrell and company followed by Cheyenne. He trails them to the mouth of the tunnel which they have already entered. From the opposite end comes McCall guided by Bud. Gannon's flashlight picks up the seeming phantom of the supposed dead man and the panic-stricken outlaws retreat only to be confronted by Cheyenne. In the ensuing fight Cheyenne falls and his hand strikes a plunger connected to dynamite and an explosion blocks one end of the tunnel. The sheriff and his men arrive from the other end and the outlaws are arrested. Cheyenne refuses any reward for his services and leaves for new adventures in the direction of the Rio Grande.