Tex Malone is sent to the border where Livermore is smuggling guns across. Other government agents are already there and after Livermore kills one he captures the Mexican agent and then overhears that his girl friend Rose is an American agent. Tex attracted to Rose rescues the Mexican agent only to learn that Livermore has given Rose to a band of Mexican outlaws. This western featured defined and better-written characters (relative speaking for the genre) than found in most series westerns and also some seldom-seen plot devices. Here the villain and the "sidekick" roles slightly overshadow those of the hero and heroine: Texas Ranger Tex Malone posing as outlaw Steve Collinsis sent to DeVina an outlaw strongold on the Texas/Mexican border to clean up an outlaw and rustling gang led by Livermore. Tex asks the Ranger Captain for "Stingaree" Kelly an outlaw captive of the Rangers to accompany him with the promise of a pardon if they accomplish their mission. U.S. Secret Agent Young is working with the Mexican officials (one of whom is Gordon DeMain and his name is not "Slick")to the same end and they send Lieutenant Jose Romero to DeVina. (Some source with a video tape that does not give the role names has found a unique way to spell "Romero" or else they have no concept of how Mexican names are pronounced or spelled.) The town is controlled by Livermore an accomplished violinist who plays (rather badly) "The Waltz of Death" prior to the death of anyone who crosses him and his definition of being crossed seems to include anybody he has to share a two-shot with.The "Rose" of the screening title is a saloon girl played by Betty Mack whom Livermore treats like community property but don't let him catch anybody talking to her as that is a cue for Livermore to do some more violin screeching.Texbefore he finally puts a wrap on Livermore's reign of terrorkeeps the off-balance Livermore reaching for his fiddle. Bridge who was a member of the unofficial Preston Sturges stock company in all of Sturges' 1940's films stays over-the-top as Livermore but Hayes as the good-guy Irishman outlaw "Stingaree" Kelly steals the film without breaking a sweat and gives ample proof as just how great he was as a straight character actor long before his definitive sidekick roles of "Windy Halliday" and "Gabby Whittaker."