Jack Manning ('Tim McCoy (I)' (qv)) arrives in a midwestern town from Gold Creek in Califonia. He brings a message from Goerge Woods ('Francis Ford (I)' (qv)) to his brother Tom Woods ('Francis Ford (I)' (qv)) in a dual role and niece Mary ('Allene Ray' (qv) informing them he has struck gold and asking them to join him in California via a wagon train. Jack and Mary fall in love to the great displeasure of Rance Carter ('Wilbur McGaugh' (qv)) who has a yen for Mary himself. Jack and Mary not only have to be wary of Carter's crooked ways and machinations but also of Indian uprisings caused by Carter. 1. PALS IN BUCKSKIN: George Woods has found gold and Jack Manning returns east with some for George's brother Tom. Just as he finds Tom's daughter Mary her team runs away and he drops the gold which Rance Carter picks up. 2. CALL TO ARMS: As Woods is without money Rance jealous of Mary's attraction to Jack finances his trip west on the provision that Jack doesn't go. As the wagon train pulls out Jack is arrested for stealing the gold. 3. FURNACE OF FEAR: Released from jail Jack catches up with the wagon train just as a prairie fire swoops down on Mary. 4. RED TERROR: The Indians attack the wagon train. 5. CIRCLE OF DEATH. Jack's friend Bill retuns with help. During the fight Rance shoots Woods. 6. HATE'S ARVEST: When Jack claims that Rance has the missing gold they fight and just as Jack knocks him out Jack is shot. 7. HOSTAGE OF FEAR: Mary is kidnaped and Jack trails the kidnapers to an Indian village where Jack is attacked by Indians. 8. DAGGER DUEL: Forced to fight a knife duel Jack is saved by friend Bill. 9. BLAST OF DEATH: Rance now gets the Indians to go on the war path and they attack. Fleeing into a mine shaft Jack and Mary are caugh just as an explosive charge goes off. 10. REDSKIN'S REVENGE: When Rance kills the Chief's son and tells the Chief Jack did it the Chief prepares to kill Jack. 11. FRONTIERS OF FLAME: Escaping from the Indians Jack trails Mary's captors to a town set aflame by the Indians and finds her trapped in a burning building. 12. TRAIL'S END: