For revenge the outlaw Morgan steals the Carruthers young son. Seventeen years later Carruthers arrives in the valley where Morgan his gang and the now grown Bob hide. After Morgan shoots Tracy he tells Bob that Carruthers did it and sends Bob out after him. But unknown to Bob Morgan has put blanks in his gun. Cattle rustler Lee Morgan kidnaps the infant son (Bob) of vigilante leader Dan Carruthers in retaliation for the branding of Morgan and his weak henchman Clem Tracy by the vigilantes. Morgan makes his escape but Carruthers vows that someday he will find his son. Seventeen years later Bob Carruthers has grown to manhood believing that Morgan is his father and his name is Bob Morgan. He has also fallen in love with Tracy's daughter Sally. Bob also makes known his intentions to leave for California and the Tracys plan to go along.Dan Carruthers has since become the sheriff of Yucca and is nearing the bandit hideout. Tracy is about to tell Bob that Morgan is not his real father when Morgan shows up. Warning Tracy to be silent Morgan tells Bob and Sally to go to Morgan's hideout and to wait for him there. After they leave he shoots Tracy in cold blood. Morgan catches up with Bob and Sally and tells them that Sheriff Carruthers has killed Tracy and Bob swears to avenge Sally's father and hides near the trail to await Carruthers' coming. Meanwhile Carruthers has found Tracy's shack and the wounded Tracy tells him that his son is with Morgan and Carruthers rides after them.Bob meets Carruthers on the trail and challenges him to draw.The sheriff is quicker and shoots Bob across the temple. Morgan appears covering Carruthers and gloats that Carruthers has just shot his own son and his revenge against Carruthers is complete once he kills Carruthers.Bobonly dazed by Carruthers' glancing bullet hears the disclosure and shoots the gun from Morgan's hand just as he is about to shoot Carruthers. Morgan makes a getaway and forces Sally to accompany him back to her father's shack. Carruthers and his newly-found son follow but Morgan gets taken out from an unexpected source. Carruthers promises to forgive Tracy for his past transgressions while Sally accompanies Bob to a reunion with his mother Mary Carruthers.